- one Michael yo I'm going on a big - I
know I'm so excited for you bro I'm not
messing shit no you're the desk phone
missing podcast only go on the weekends
alright you don't go during the week
never never I don't like to why not cuz
I have a family I like to be home
that's what's up right there yeah I mean
when you can do miss it when you can do
what you want to do and be like I'm big
on Friday and Saturday and be back by
Sunday yeah that's the way to do it man
I've never done the touring thing like
Kreischer and a lot of those people they
go out for a month
fuck that I get sad I feel bad no I
can't have kids
well I I got two two and now I have a
baby girl you want to be home dude and
my baby girl yeah she looks at me like
my son never looked at me before oh it's
a different thing right I don't know
because I don't have sons but everybody
that has bolts as well the girls are
just so loving and sweet and the sons
are just trying to light shit on fire
yeah and they don't love that they don't
love the father's could care less about
me it's so true like he loves my wife
like hand
I mean side by side all the time really
but already my daughter just at three
months old my wife will hold her and
she'll keep crying and as soon as I grab
her she stopped I mean it's amazing
there's you guys don't start getting
competitive about that shit I'm a
competitive father but I'm not gonna
like compete against your wife Oh weird
maybe you're just not really no what's
your tour where you going like
everywhere bro I'll tell you where I'm
going yeah cuz I don't even know where
I'm going I have to read it off I'm
going to starting off in Des Moines Iowa
cause someone's got to yeah I do that
because my friend John Dudley lives
there so I'm like fuck it I'll come
visit you I'll do a gig out there like
legitimately I love that Iowa you know
who does that Bill burr he loves
football so my this is what I heard from
some clubs is he loves college football
so much he'll schedule gay I mean tour
dates around big game so he can be in
the city all right oh yeah
that's genius Manuel burrs a savage and
he's also a man who does what he wants
yes
no he's a self-made man yes Michael yo
and then I'm going to Pittsburgh love
Pittsburgh Louisville Raleigh North
Carolina Charlotte North Carolina
Las Vegas whoa Fort Lauderdale Tampa and
Orlando I do Florida like once every
three years and every time I do Florida
I come back and I go goddamn Florida
you don't like crazy place I do I love
how about to say that's crazy there
could there barely Americans barely
Americans and I say this with love my
sister lives there well there's a lot of
rednecks in Tampa today fuckin animal no
disrespect I love Tampa yeah I'm going
to where else am I going with Tampa
Orlando
oh there's water Dale tamp Orlando
Philadelphia Lincoln Nebraska are you
never been to Lincoln Nebraska are you
doing the Hard Rock in Fort Lauderdale
are you doing the big arena doing arena
okay yeah I've done the Hard Rock though
it's great yeah they they opened up a
new the Hard Rock just opened up they
have the guitar now this whole new they
change the whole yeah they change the
whole hotel to a guitar a glass guitar
well it's the first oh you got to show
the picture it's insane so they change
the whole thing
and they have like a like a 8000 seater
now 10,000 theater really in their fault
Lauderdale yeah for a lot it's a great
gig God does a lot of fun
oh love it then I'm doing Nebraska I've
never been Nebraska in my life I don't
think I'm doing Lincoln Nebraska crazy
my my wife's father look at that shit
yeah Wow built a giant fucking guitar
I'll glad that's the hotel rooms
designed to resemble back-to-back
guitars well I've never been to Oklahoma
either I don't think
and I'm doing Tulsa Oklahoma I'm doing
Madison Square Garden New York City that
I'm doing the Boston Garden the next
week and then I'm doing LA I'm doing the
forum and I'm doing Milwaukee and then
I'm doing Wichita Kansas come on kids
and then Fresno California to wrap this
bitch up are you doing any more dates
with Dave Chappelle cuz I know you got
one coming up we have to - yeah we have
to we got one in New Orleans and one
in it's not on there no no that's all
but you got one llama to Orleans and one
in is it Denver Nashville - I'm what
yeah I think i'ma go to Nashville
come on down Michael yeah my my we have
tons of friends and I love Nashville
Nashville is a great fucking city do you
ever want to not live here yes where
would you move I moved to Denver I think
there's a great town yeah
Nashville or Denver for me yeah when I
think about it I think about a couple
places I think a Salt Lake City
like like Park City like that area
uh-huh get that just but that I would
never lived there full-time just cuz my
family like skiing I think in Montana I
think a Bozeman Montana I love both yeah
just cuz the mountains and the beauty
you ski though I do but reluctantly yeah
I always ski cuz they like it it'll mess
up your knees man
I fucked up - that's what I'm saying
some it wasn't even my fault man this
lady slid she was a newbie she didn't
know what the fuck she was doing and she
was she was trying to put her shit on
she slid right into the trail right when
I was coming around this corner I'm like
god dammit I knew if I hit her she was a
goner yeah that bitch was gonna get
broken up I almost though I went around
her and I wiped out and I got a fracture
of my shin actually really yeah I've got
what's something called an insufficiency
fracture it's like where your my shin
bone hits my cartilage it's fairly lucky
really because it just requires like six
to eight weeks of doing not much so no
running for me I just been hiking with
my dog and I lift weights it's not you
know it lets me know every now and then
like hey fuckface settle down but I've
been doing yoga but doing a lot of my
normal stuff I can't kick the bag but
it's not bad it's not bad as injuries go
it'll heal up I skied once and I almost
took out four kids oh Jesus yeah like
literally would have killed those kids I
was I couldn't stop I couldn't stop no
you're a big guy I'm a big guy so I was
going at these four kids and their
parents were screaming so Mike and I
just wound it up like rolling down the
hill and so I was like alright I'm done
like that I don't ever need to ski again
because the key is to stay on those
green ones stay on the easy bit I was on
an easy one the easy baby ones are so
much better ever my kids off my 11 year
old is a fucking psycho she's
I wanted you double black diamond she
does all the black ones all the black
diamonds those are so hard man they're
so spit when you like fucking she's
probably 80 pounds I guess yeah it's not
that bad
you fall like nothing happens they
bounce right back up but you're also so
low to the ground and you're made out of
rubber back then they're all they're all
like flexible and shit when you're old
bro you bet you hit the ground your
backs like what really bothered me was
my head when I wiped I went around the
corner um a winner to try to get away
from this lady I tried to turn around
her and my skis went up and when I went
down I hit my head pretty fucking hard
and I had a I had a helmet on for sure
but still even with a helmet on you're
my bell got rung like I was dizzy and I
was a little confused and disoriented
for like the rest of the day I
definitely got rocked like it was a
fight I would have the doctor like
checking my eyes of the flash life do
you have you gotten concussions before
oh yeah okay okay but then but when we
got him it wasn't a big deal anyway oh
goes hey go back in I probably been hit
in the head a thousand times I don't
even know how many times have been hit
in the head from all the days of
sparring and fighting and I don't know
how many times it's been a lot but that
was a big one like recently I haven't
had a recent head injury or a recent
bang of the head
that's called success you don't need
yeah I mean I'm okay everything's fun
but it's very touch-and-go man very
touch-and-go I still want to get checked
out because I got knocked out in a
football practice and this was in
college at the University of Arkansas
and I played outside linebacker can a
guard pulled and hit me right here in
the temple I was out I woke up in like
ICU and I still get headaches
I'm always gotten headaches on my life
but you know watch different programs
ago they go hey are you having headaches
maybe you should go in and see a doctor
and I'm like you know what maybe I
should get another MRI you know what's
really crazy how many years people have
been alive people gonna lie I mean we've
been human beings have been around for a
quarter million more or more years
depending upon who you ask
and how long have they really known
about chronic traumatic encephalopathy
encephalopathy how do you say it like
discovered it well her I don't know if
he's the one that brought it to life
yeah and he was the one who's mean
explaining how all of these football
players have it you know what's really
interesting I saw an article about him
that was kind of shitting on him lately
encephalopathy that's it chronic
traumatic encephalopathy
neurodegenerative disease caused by
repeated head injuries fucking name and
my parents threw me in football when I
was like eight years old since I was
taking hits look at this symptoms may
include behavioral problems got that
mood problems got that problems with
thinking definitely got that symptoms
typically do not begin till years after
the injuries check CT often gets worse
over time and can result in dementia why
is the guy getting shitted on who's that
oh there was an article recently that
was saying that he is profiting off it's
most likely someone trying to discredit
like if you noticed all the negative
Bernie Sanders ads that are articles
that have been written lately like
really crazy ones like saying it was
calling him a climate change denier list
which is 100% not true yeah you know
there's so many little here it is from
scientists to salesmen how Bennet Omalu
doctor of concussion Fame built a career
on distorted science yeah I don't know
if what they're doing it's a Washington
Post which is another one that they
there were also the ones that ran that
thing on Bernie with climate change
denial goddamnit media anytime so much
horseshit going on in the news I can't
watch it anymore it's it's just reading
it and watching it it's like so much of
it is biased and distorted and they're
trying to paint a perception of someone
instead of just just laying out the
facts in an objective way it's just so
much of that going on now it's just I
feel like it's a very unfortunate case
but I feel like one of the things that's
happened is because of subscription
models for newspapers things like
Washington Post New York Times they have
to be outrageous like sometimes in
my Google newsfeed I'll get a story and
I'll click on it and then they'll say to
subscribe go here oo I'll fuck you
mm-hmm because so they got me to click
on it with the click bTW shit and I bet
you know one out of a hundred or
whatever will follow through and give
them their credit card information and
subscribe but they're almost starving to
death someone told me that the New York
Times only survives because of their
podcast now oh it's the daily yeah daily
is I used to listen to it a lot but uh
it's a thing where I think news when we
watch news it's it's more salacious than
entertainment news I remember you know
they they're all about the headlines and
here's what I'm like they just had this
democratic you know the where they went
against each other at the debate and the
next day on the news all they showed was
the same five clips of Elizabeth Warren
going after this person Bernie Sanders
going after that person and they have 24
hours to at least tell you the good
things they said on like yeah give me
some policies or sup but no they just
gonna show you those five clips yeah and
that's and that's what the debate and
then they go on we don't understand why
everybody's mad because you're only
putting five clips up that we're all the
candidates are mad at each other the
news is a big part of the division right
now and I feel like it's worse like
entertainment news is supposed to be
like Brad Angelina
Jennifer Aniston but now you have polit
politicians Elizabeth warning
Bernie Sanders like they're doing the
same thing that we did in entertainment
knew you're a hundred percent right and
I think they're doing that because it's
a business and they have to stay alive
it's ratings but I would love it if one
channel existed that didn't do that one
channel existed that was 100% unbiased
these are the facts as we know them you
know some old-school Walter Cronkite you
do that nowadays I'd survive I can't I
don't know because it's about rating
question to this question can you it's
like we're so personality-driven these
days everything's personality driven
it's so hard it's hard to trust people
you know it's like when you see these
hit pieces that are written about Bernie
Sanders and you know it's horseshit
that's where like when you know
something's horseshit that's when you go
oh wow look what you're doing and then
you see a bunch of other news articles
that are
similar and that are on similar
left-leaning publications or similar
establishment connected publications and
you go oh this is like a sort of a
concentrated effort to try to minimize
his campaign but even when it's bullshit
somebody's gonna believe it a lot of
people you know a lot of people believe
that well it's a certain number are
gonna believe it what's really
interesting to me is that Bernie Sanders
just keeps winning right he keeps
winning he won Nevada he's won three in
a row and they're trying to bullshit us
and pretend to people George he's got a
chance he's got zero chance that guy's
got zero chance how do you see it all
playing out Bernie Sanders 100%
the only way it's all going to happen is
if they give him some fucking CIA
injection into his coffee one day his
fucking chamomile tea give a little
squirt and there's our I mean the guy
already had a goddamn heart attack which
is crazy that he's doing this well he
had a heart attack on the campaign trail
I mean bro this is like look if you have
a car and you're you're driving it over
to the guy's house who wants to buy it
and one of your cylinders blows he's
still like that's a good car I'll
fucking take it like that guy you know
he needs that car that's how much
America needs Bernie Sanders so
motherfucker had a heart attack running
for president they're like so what he's
alive let's go but what's interesting to
me and I you know we were talking about
it at this benefit you did you came out
and made this statement about Bernie
Sanders he was losing at that time he
was not the front-runner and after you
said that he became the front-runner I
really believe you had a lot to do with
that something to do with it but that's
all muscles whether they attacked me
hilarious they did exactly what I said
you can do about a person I said if you
take all the worst aspects of a person
and ignore everything else just magnify
those you can paint it very distorted
perception of someone and so they're
like good let's do that to him let's
make Bernie Sanders look like a piece of
shit for using that well also the fact
that you use the most wishy-washy
endorsement ever what I said is all
probably not wrong I'm
run with it I like might vote doesn't
matter if you say this this is very
important if you get in your politics
from me
you're fucked I'm not the guy listen to
Kyle kolinsky listen to Jimmy Dore
listen to the people that are really
paying attention that listen to the hill
people that are really on top of it
where it's their business it's not my
business my business is stand-up comedy
and Cagefighting
and then of a few other things I'm a
comedian like you you know this is where
we talk about shit but I'm no expert but
what I like what Bernie stands for
socially I like what he stands for
socially you know when you and when he
made his when he explained how he was
going to put a very small tax on Wall
Street speculation on each one of these
little transactions less than a penny
and explains that over time and all
these transactions that's that's a
valuable thing and that could contribute
and that could what could potentially
pay for education and healthcare and all
these different things I don't know if
he's right you know I know many people
say he's wrong and I would like to see a
real honest debate not a debate on
television where you have to cut every
seven seconds for seven minutes for a
commercial and you have these people
that are these moderators that are you
know steering this thing no I want to
see the two of them like him and someone
who opposes his ideas who actually
understands the economics of it and
discuss it in a long-form discussion
like a YouTube video make a youtube
video
everyone would watch it have Bernie
Sanders sit down with someone who's an
economist or a mathematician or someone
who understands it and let's find out if
that really would work and how it would
work same thing goes with education same
thing goes with health care how are you
gonna pay for these things is it
feasible is it possible to do this
where's the fat that we're gonna cut how
much taxes are you gonna raise and who
are you gonna raise the taxes on and how
is it going to be done and where's that
money gonna go now do you believe that
if you're Bernie Sanders you have to
talk about that information because we
have a president that then give any
information III feel now politics is
imma give as least information as I can
so they can't use it against me
works obviously because you have a guy
like that in a white house so if I'm
Bernie Sanders why would I tell you how
much everything's gonna Trump the
personality overshadowed everything else
his personality overshadowed all of his
shortcomings so because of the fact that
he could say things like when he was
talking about China you know you could
go to China and you ever see that video
which one where he explains to China or
you could say listen motherfuckers have
you ever seen that video no pull that
video up because it's one of my favorite
Trump speeches it's like this is what
people love about DOM shit the fact that
he would say this think about who Obama
was right Obama this like articulate
statesman who you were proud that that
was the representative of America he
spoke so well he was so measured so
educated Donald Trump is not that do you
feel that some American people since
Obama was like that felt like he was
speaking down to them for sure okay
dummies yeah don't be so only smart
people yeah that's always the case you
know but I don't think he was ever
speaking don't know he's very measure I
don't I don't either but some people get
upset about that
listen oh he doesn't speak his mind he
doesn't say what he wants to say people
don't like him because he's a liberal
that some people don't like because he's
black to some people that don't like him
because he's young there's some people
don't like him because he went to
Harvard here it is listen to this so
let's play this cuz this is one of my
favorite Trump speeches ever I drop a
25% tax on shine
and you know I said to somebody that is
really the messenger the messenger is
important I could have one man saying
we're gonna tax you 25% and I can say
another listen you motherfuckers
he does not give a shit
he doesn't anything people keep saying
he's dumb he's not dumb he's just not
concentrating on the things that
intelligent people concentrate on way
it's concentrating on money money
he's constitute cells ego yeah he's not
concentrating on I mean when when he's
talk he's not talking about the Glick
the great literary works he's talking
about not talking about great
philosophers or great historians these
are not things he's concentrating on his
whole life he has a sharp mind but his
whole life he's been concentrating on
Donald Trump and Donald Trump kicking
ass and Donald Trump's name and Donald
Trump's ego and filling that ego and
cheating at golf and doing all the
things that he wants to do whenever he
wants to do them that's what he
concentrated on it doesn't mean that
he's dumb and that's what people get
distracted that they get confused I
agree with you on that
but but what I'm surprised about look
and I don't care what side of Fincher
but what I'm surprised about is some
people believe he's doing things for the
country's best interests not for his own
well he's definitely doing things for
his best interests 100% and also
probably doing things that he thinks are
for the country's best interest as well
I don't think all of what he's doing is
just for him because you wouldn't be
President if you did that that doesn't
make any sense because it the the
beating that you take in terms of like
well it's also your ego boost but he's
also getting rid of everyone that
opposes him or so I mean well that's how
he runs all of his companies exactly so
that's how you would run a company and
you can't look has 70 fucking three
years old right when you're that old you
don't change you know you know I mean
the way he runs companies to expect him
to do any different once he became
president it's kind of silly like that's
how he's become successful I mean that's
why his fucking name is on these giant
buildings all over the world right it's
like it's this ego thing and the way he
does business I'm the fucking boss
listen you motherfuckers we're gonna tax
you 25% that's his attitude that's his
thought some people love that shit oh no
I know a lot of people are attracted to
this the strong man the strong confident
man who tells everyone to fuck off and
they want to align with them because
most people
don't have a voice in life they don't
feel like they don't feel like they're
they feel frustrated they they owe money
it's a lot of poor people which is
really ironic right because using you
know his policies don't even fuck about
poor people he talks about the working
people and that's he doesn't care enough
to get them to vote for him cares about
him in that way because they they are
very valuable to him but whether they
latch on to them so because they don't
have that voice that he has it's that
right you like people are very tribal
they want a leader of a team and you're
seeing that with Bernie Sanders you
clearly saw that with Elizabeth Warren
so many women were clinging to Elizabeth
Warren they wanted to call Bernie
Sanders a misogynist and this and that
and what they were doing is they're just
team Warren I'm on team Warren they
didn't want to paint an objective
opinion of him like well he's got some
good policies and he's got some
questionable economic theories and I
don't know whether or not they're
accurate but this is why Elizabeth
Warren stands out to me and as a mother
and as a woman I think you'd be great to
have a woman in the White House and I'm
biased in that direction
people don't say that no they don't say
that they don't say that they're tribal
they're on Team Warren fuck everybody
else and that's how people are but it's
just then you're not making any progress
you're just as bad as the other side
like you're blaming the other side for
doing that but yet I see to me Trump is
so right like for that for that party
he's doing his own thing we're now
Bernie I feel like I always feel there's
an overcorrection me to was an
overcorrection I think now Bernie will
probably get because that's the left
answer for overcorrection
yes I think you're 100% right and I
think that's what's going on I think a
OC and a lot of other people are also
part of this sort of philosophy of
overcorrection which is probably good I
think we need that I think people go
back and find we need to find our
fucking equilibrium and that's what
that's what humans do you know look
things are getting better man I'm a
fucking rock-solid optimist I think I
think even the me to shit what that is
is it's I mean I have a bit about and I
can't really talk too much about it
without giving up the bit I've heard it
it's like fucking hilarious there is
hilarious but the the thought process
behind it is that ultimately the
direction is moving towards
bad things and I think that's the same
thing with even woke culture like I'm a
critic of woke culture I think a lot of
it is ridiculous and I think a lot of
his tribal it's the same kind of shit
it's like people decide they're on team
ultra progressive and you know and then
everybody else can go fuck off and they
want to attack those people and force
those people to comply it's like a
thought war mm-hmm and that's what's
going on but when you look at the tenets
of what culture but cut out all the
horseshit what are they trying to do
they're trying to have less homophobia
less racism less sexism they want more
inclusiveness they want more people to
have opportunities that's great that's
all great it's just they're going about
it in this militant psychotic way when
wearing ski masks and professors are
hitting people over the head with bike
locks and everybody's losing their
fucking mind they won't even let
conservative people speak at
universities in a debate that stuff is
wrong but I understand what that is
that's just rabid tribalism and it needs
that's an overcorrection and that needs
to be called out and it needs to be it
needs to be stopped because the only way
to really find out who you agree with is
to let both sides talk this the only way
and then this idea that this infantile
like perception of people including
young people that a lot of people on the
Left have is that you don't even want to
hear people with questionable ideas
speak because then they're gonna
radicalize young people and they're
gonna people are gonna get drawn to them
well that's a very egotistical
perspective it's like I can see they're
full of shit but these young people are
not going to be able to and I'm smarter
than them and I want to stop them from
being able to speak I don't like when
people get mad when you have questions
yeah about what like if you ask a
question to a different party or a
different movement and they don't like
your question
they get mad at you and then they like
those fools but it's because it's people
that don't understand all the tenets of
rational discourse you need those you
need do you know what The Four
Agreements are you ever heard of Don
Miguel Ruiz the for agreement it's a
great it's a great book and it's really
simple it's a small book it's an E
read but though the four tenants are
first of all be impeccable with your
word always do your best don't take
anything personal and I think the other
one is like don't have any expectations
I think that's the other one
here they are okay I'll make assumptions
that's what it is okay they'll make
assumptions always do your best don't
take anything personally and be
impeccable with your word now if you
just apply those and a lot of people
like how does this relate the way this
relates this is a philosophy on just
going through life and all of these
tenants be impeccable with your word
don't take anything personally don't
make assumptions always do your best
these are anti tribal tenants this is a
way to not get sucked into this like
really biased tribal perception that a
lot of people get sucked into and they
get sucked into this team mentality and
they get blinders on and they can't see
things for what they are we have a real
problem with wanting to be in tribes and
it's just a part of our DNA it's a part
of our nature it's how we survive to the
21st century I mean we survive by
teaming up and and having this loyalty
to the people on our group to fight
against the invaders want to take our
women in our food it's all it's all fine
I mean you can that goes from politics
to even religion yeah that's your that's
your tribe yeah if you question a try
yep then they all come after you I mean
it's with everything man it's what
everything it's with sports teams it's
with the part of the country you live in
it's with the style of eating it's
veganism vs. carnivore it's it's like
it's fucking everything we do we break
off into tribal groups man you know it's
like people weren't too American cars
only and you know people are only by
electric guns yes with everything man
yeah no one should have a gun everyone
should have a gun I mean it's and by the
way those people that no one should have
a gun or the everyone should have a con
they're the same person they don't even
realize it they don't even realize it
they just needed the right amount of the
right amount of influence the right of
the right people around them the right
positive the positive reactions from
those people around them all the the
debate that comes from one side versus
all the debate that comes from the other
side so much of the mindsets are similar
so much or that absolute mindset whether
it's absolute left-wing or absolute
right-wing it's so similar you know what
I hate is I think we're at a point of
the country where everybody wants to
think their problem is bigger than your
problem yeah and then it so it's like
well I'm gay well I'm black and gay
well I'm black gay and this you know so
it's like it's a thing where everybody
you we can't acknowledge there's
problems yes but we have to say my
problem is bigger is bigger than your
problem so you need to listen to me yeah
it's like no let's just say everybody
has problems and let's address them yeah
rather than you you being the big
problem and also kindness and
understanding yeah those two things are
so giant and whenever people just start
attacking people you realize okay
there's no kindness there there's no
understanding there and that's why
you're doing that if you had kindness
and understanding you temper your words
you take a deep breath and you go well I
assume she's just trying to do her best
or I assume he's just trying to get by
just like all of us and that kindness
and understanding goes a long fucking
way because as soon as you dehumanize
someone as soon as you say you know hey
he's on the left fuck him he wants to
take away your money and turned American
to Cuba fuck you you know like that yeah
that kind of nonsense yeah it's uh I
read a book called never split the
difference have you read that one
it's amazing bro it's about an old FBI
terrorist negotiator and he he basically
the book tells you how to talk to people
like he took that that tactic they use
an FBI to bring it to real-life business
and everything how to talk to people
where you can get them on your side and
just certain questions you ask where
instead of them helping you that well it
turns it from me asking you to do
something to you wanting to do it it's
brilliant
like it's a game I used it in in real
life everyday yeah how do you use it
well it's about the how question okay
you know for instance you're negotiating
a price on something somebody says I
want to do the Joe Rogan podcast studio
and it comes in at twenty thousand
dollars there you go you know what how
can we make this where it's not as much
is there how can we how can we
or this price so instead of you going
hey I need a lower price and they go no
it's 20,000 you go how can we get this
lower now all the onus is on them to try
to figure out your problem so you're
basically putting your they're trying to
figure out your problem for you instead
of you figuring out the problem you
fucked up by telling people this cuz
then they're gonna go uh we can't and
then you stuck it's like you put you're
playing chess here I know but they they
just like check
I just forgot about like how many
millions watch this now now people gonna
be taking shit away from me now they
really are you did that motherfucker you
went with the house yeah I mean but she
knows I rest now
every time my wife is at the house and
I'm just kind of chilling I go how can I
help you
oh Jesus Christ what are you doing why
just get out what I would ask that she
always goes oh nothing but what I'm
doing nothing and don't ask her there's
always something to do
oh I get it you know what I mean yeah
it's a thing where if somebody you're
just putting the onus on them and it's a
light never split that there it's it's a
game-changer man yeah that's interesting
yeah there's all sorts of weird
techniques that people have used in
negotiations interrogations
interrogation techniques are very
interesting how they catch people lying
by repeating what they said back to them
and having them repeat it again mm-hmm
and then because he talked about that -
okay yeah because he had to do that like
when he had to know over the phone
though if they were lying so he had
through the book they go through all
these cues you could do and he goes I
want everybody know this is not
manipulation this just teaches you what
to look for and how to basically get
along where you're not fighting with
somebody on something because when
you're when they have your hostages you
don't want to fight with the captors
right you know you you have to talk to
them in a civilized manner to get these
people out that is some high-pressure
shit man having me like you're dealing
with you know Isis or some shit you're
trying to get hostages back you're
trying to communicate with them and
trying to figure out how what's the best
way to do this without using drones
while you use Jones everybody's gone
yeah not anymore they're pretty good now
when they took out al Baghdadi no that
wasn't out Baghdad soleimani okay they
only killed one other person yeah
they're good at it now it's scary
well it's look it's gonna get scarier
they're gonna be able to get drones down
to like I mean they used to call them
they these to talk about the precision
of drones but really like a lot of times
you're blowing up entire buildings and
killing a ton of innocent people like
the numbers of innocent people that have
over all been killed by drones is
fucking staggering yeah if it was a cop
if a cop had done what drones had done
you'd be like that guy is a fucking
psychopath and he's just trying to kill
people like the the decision that a cop
would make there's a bad guy in this
building so I'm gonna blow up the whole
fucking building like yeah yeah you're
gonna do what
like there's weird decisions that you're
allowed to make in two cases one war and
two when it's not human doing it per se
it's a human piloting a drone well I
mean what was that movie with the it was
these animals these mechanical animals
killing everybody
and the movie had that it was like this
dog type of creature it was a big movie
I forgot what the name of it was me yeah
it's it's they have all these robots now
it's a robot I think black married the
black mare episode yeah oh you're right
it was a pleasure there's a black mirror
episode is one episode yeah but man like
these robots they're jumping over things
like like the Mafia can just like by
robots now to go do hits for people that
kind of money I think more like more
like the federal government money that's
what's fucked up about the government
like they're using our money they don't
even have to give you like a sheet like
say if you pay taxes and you know you
make a good living you probably have to
pay us a hefty sum of taxes they don't
send you hey Michael we used all this
money on education we fix the streets
with this money that you said so you
should feel happy that you're
contributing to the stuff they'll always
fuck you pay us yeah and if you don't
pay us they wesley snipes you they just
send you to fucking jail they Lauren
Hill you they just send you to jail they
don't even let you
take it off they don't say hey fuckface
you owe us three million dollars you
have to pay this off and this is how
we're gonna force you to pay it off and
Wesley's like look good I'm just gonna
I'm sorry I'm gonna go back to work I'm
gonna make that money give me a you know
a couple years to pay it off and I'll
pay it off no no fuck you go to jail so
you can't even make any money while
you're in jail so now you're more in the
hole when you get out so they put you in
jail but that doesn't take any money off
you still owe all that money Wesley
Snipes had to do like us more than a
year in jail
oh yeah well so did Lauryn Hill I
believe Lauryn Hill did a year in jail I
mean these taxes man fucking taxes
that's the only thing were you owe money
they put you in a fucking box they don't
do that with anything else if you owed
money on your mortgage you just have to
pay it mm-hmm
you know if you all you had credit card
debt you just have to pay it but if you
have IRS debt fuck you yeah you're going
to jail they make that it's like they're
thugs man they make an example out of
you see and by you saying it you better
watch out I pay my taxes I always happen
I think that shit pay your taxes I'm not
I'm I've never ever tried any sort of
manipulation to try to pay lower taxes I
don't think about it I'm very happy that
I get to live in America I'm very happy
that we have this incredible system
where you literally can be a person
who's struggling and go on to become
incredibly successful do we don't have a
caste system in this country it's not
perfect it's definitely not equal
there's definitely people that grow up
in terrible environments and an
impoverished crime ridden gang ridden
neighborhoods and they're way more
fucked than I ever was growing up
however you can go from a kid like me
who's on welfare when he was young and
you know when I was a little boy and
didn't go on to become someone who can
make money in this country you can you
can have an influence you can do
something I'm proud to pay my taxes I
never complained about it I mean it's a
staggering sum of money when you really
think about it but I'm proud to pay it I
think we all should be but I don't know
what they're dealing with it why well I
tell you this my dad pays all wisely did
three years three years three years and
no money you're making no money and bro
when you're like 52
like how old was he when you went away
there was 2010 so he's probably your
sentence in 2008 and he went in in 2010
how old is he he's now 57 okay
so he was like 47 so when he was 47
he got out at 50 Jesus Christ that's all
those are important years my yeah ma'am
just doing push-ups um playing cards and
here's the thing you don't get fucked
with the IRS my dad pays all his taxes
but they messed up on his taxes and they
thought he was Jordan Peele
they did Jordan Peele oh well did way
last time by the way how much time she
did three months
Oh hmm well I think what was going on
there was Wesley was a part of some
wacky group that was saying that you
don't have to pay taxes because it's
unconstitutional do you sometimes go for
it the same way people get locked in a
thing in the earth is flat you talked to
a couple people that are very convincing
and charismatic and articulate and
you're like really
next thing you know your tax protester
is he was called Oso his tax process
approach deal in the pokey maybe so so
DNA test come it's crazy
right that is absolutely perfect like if
there was ever a michael yell movie that
guy is playing your dad for sure 100%
that's crazy I know like it's not even a
little different that's exactly the same
exactly he looks exactly like your dad
amazing the only thing that's different
is the beard yeah like you take away the
beard that's the same purse that's
fucking stunning it's crazy that's a
that's a double ganger bro yeah that's a
real double ganger I mean bro I've never
seen one that good no it's my I was just
looking through Instagram and I was like
these this is because people have
mentioned it to me to met my
and seeing pictures I'm going out
whatever but then I found those two
pictures I was like dude this is the
same fucking person they have those
things we like see Keanu Reeves in the
1920s photo and you like crime traveling
occasionally someone would look like so
I've seen some photos of me in the
Middle East like Joe Rogan is really you
know really lives in Pakistan or some
shit but the that is about as good as
I've ever seen yeah that's the bet and
it's not a blurry picture you know it's
like difference yeah yeah like the Keanu
Reeves one two is near Keanu Reeves
where I can wipe though it kind of fuzzy
right so yeah yeah yeah like it looks
like you might be in the Old West or
some shit famous time travelers yeah yes
Nic Cage
let me see an American one although
anywhere everyone's now and that's just
that's just like that could be Eddie
Murphy's brother Nicolas Cage make this
cage yeah a little bit yeah a little bit
pretty close who else Charlie Sheen
look at Shout oh wow yeah that's close
Wow who's that guy Charlie Sheen
actually link in a little bit yeah with
no beard kinda sorta that the Bruce
Willis ones kind of stunning I don't
think a lot of people draw these I think
swimmer yeah yeah damn that's pretty
accurate I think these are real really
only my ex's ruins do was a Jennifer
Lawrence one damn that's pretty cool no
it's not no not really it's black and
white
where's the Keanu Reeves one mmm that's
what I want yeah well you know there's
only so many different shapes a person's
face well that Justin Timberlake ones
pretty accurate
there's Keanu Reeves goddamn time
traveller look at them
so what's crazy is how good that looks
15:30 there he is
once born once 1875 I'm not buying that
one yeah that's just another handsome
man it was probably throwing tons of
dick around in 1875 right that guy
doesn't look like I'm either their guy
on the right no those aren't even close
does not close but they I know which one
you're talking they had a black and
white one that was like he was kind of
behind
kind of live in yeah I remember that
your dad set the standard though yeah
it's over now that's you go viral
yeah that one needs to go viral yeah
yeah that's one of these pictures where
it doesn't yeah there's one looks like a
guy's a cell phone and a weird thing
yeah that's the thing today
it's so weird photo shops are so strange
and real looking so you can tell no you
watch Kyle Dunnigan Instagram page no no
I don't know I'm so happy no I want to
turn you on at out Kyle Dunnigan get go
with Kyle Dunnigan where he's talking to
where Trump is talking to one of the
Kardashians and he's trying to let buzz
her into the White House yeah Kyle
Dunnigan is the funniest motherfucker on
Instagram okay 100% he's got these Face
Swap videos it's pretty far back he's
got a lot more videos now because he's
he's murdering it when we first started
talking about he had like 2000 he does
face swaps and they're really obviously
not that person so honks it even funnier
almost like South Park ish right but
then he has amazing impressions and he
has he's fucking hilarious video so he
voices the P voices okay go go large and
start from the beginning and give me
some volume okay a buzz you in
yeah you gotta push it it's a lot yeah
we're doing buzz you okay push you
why did you open it there with the weird
buzzing wood yet that means that beads
up at the door it's a bomb yep you have
to wait until I buzz you Jesus Christ
no go in the door but I can't go in the
door it's a solid this would have been a
lot funnier if I was in it so he does it
Caitlyn Jenner see if you can go back to
Caitlyn Jenner where she was describing
her her new pussy to the girls they're
all getting grossed out kyle done ahem
duggan done stand-up comic fuck yeah
very funny guy
yeah his yeah she's pregnant listeners
hey girls congrats on all the
pregnancies yeah guess what Caitlyn's
burgers - I bought a crack baby and put
in my coach how does it breathe babies
can breathe in the womb yeah if you have
a womb oh shit
I guess it's dead I better go plop this
thing out before I get septic shock oh
my god God yeah your lipgloss is on
fleek it's Kylie's
[Laughter]
hell of a keeps the stubble on yeah like
Jose Caitlin ones Avalon issues all the
Caitlin's at one day why Kyle Dunnigan
one I think right is that what it is his
Instagram handle Kyle Dunnigan one
funniest guy on Instagram and that's
just one of them I did I check him every
week just to make sure just to make sure
every missed in it he does a great Bill
Maher that Bill Maher hey did really
fuckin Haiti did you bring it up to Bill
bus I did Bill Maher didn't want to hear
it didn't want to see it got angry and I
go oh come on really
I'm like bro he does a great Ray Liotta
- OH
Bill Maher like the opportunity hadn't
seen it we were all talking about it did
you feel like he had seen it I never
said he just for some reason thinks that
like he has a hard time with people
making fun of him which is come on
you're a public guy
I thought the true meaning of Christmas
would you like to hear that okay so you
were told that God put a miracle baby in
a virgin but the truth is Joseph got
Mary pregnant okay
and they stone women who had premarital
sex so they came up with a lie a lie so
big that stupid morons like why is he
voiced that yeah that's dead-on yes what
you do would you like to good lie they
stole it from pagan religions December
25th virgin births Google and snowflakes
did you really think that God would put
his baby in a thirteen-year-old girl
yes Mary was 13 and then just leave her
to fend for herself he's God wouldn't
you at least get her a ride yeah that's
dead-on he didn't like it dad but she
didn't get a chance to play it 91
he's very forceful and he accused me of
not watching a show
Solaris I told him some episodes that I
watch that that was 10 years ago
is he one of those days I know I don't
need another fan
like okay I like your show was that but
I'm sure it's gotten more awkward with
somebody else in here what was that oh
yeah okay no more yes anchored oh geez I
ever happened on the pot I don't know
can we move on to greener pastures
oh go back go over awkward things these
comedians they don't like being poked
fun of it's like mmm that's weird
like if it's good you know well you know
what's funny is a lot of Roasters people
that are great at roasting do not like
to be made fun hmm of course it's so
true yeah that's well I'm not gonna man
but I know like three then you make fun
of them oh you know that expression
about hose about the girls to complain
about girls being hose or the biggest
hose right everyone knows that's a fact
that's a Fed that bitch it's just such a
fucking slut like mm hmm hmm it's like
your run-up to it's like the girl when
you first start a date the first date
she goes now I'm not the girl to sleep
on the first day and then that every
dude knows oh I'm about to sleep with
that girl on the first date yeah when
they have to tell you when they go out
of their way to tell you about yeah they
go out right away from the beginning let
you know that's a weird thing that girls
have to do right because every girl
knows that every guy wants to fuck I
think if a guy picks you up he wants to
fuck and every guy knows when he picks
up a girl like she might not want to
fuck yeah it's just might not happen
this is just dinner yeah it might not
ever happen might not ever happen but
you know what I always say like like two
women like you control it like you only
do you're the goalie yeah so if you if
you're Harvey Weinstein convicted
doughnut jail son and that's just in New
York he still has a good tried out here
oh he's got a done a bunch of trials
that's just one have you seen how much
he is aged no that's like eight months
like me and my wife were watching him on
the news last night we go I saw him on a
red carpet a couple years before and he
was like vibrant and just the stress and
the guiltiness and everything he's just
beating them down I don't think he'll
even make it to jail I mean I might kill
himself
told my wife that lat because yeah
you're gonna die in jail well he's
probably depressed so deeply imagine
going from being the toast of the town
posing with Oprah on top of the world go
on the red carpet everybody loves you
everybody thanks you when they get their
academy award
have you ever seen the compilation of
all the stars thanking harvesting uh-huh
and then many of them went on to accuse
him accuse him later of being a monster
but meanwhile they're just praising him
well it's but you don't you have to play
that game fuck don't you I don't know I
guess if you but any act about this
yesterday
Owen Smith and I we're talking about
this yesterday we were on the podcast we
were talking about like how much I'm so
happy I don't have to go on auditions
and I don't act and I'm not I don't want
to be a part of that anymore that's one
of the reason people think like God why
is everybody Hollywood so fake because
they're all trying to get cast in
something it's true they're all trying
to get accepted by producers and casting
directors and and executives and so
they're all just like hedging their bets
like playing it safe like a guy on the
first date just a bullshit artist just
like a fucking slick guy with loose
morals on a first date trying real hard
is this him getting arrested and how
long ago was that
where's his fucking Walker looking
perfect now how come how long ago was
that this was yesterday guy who's
walking yeah he was all I think why they
have to cuff him they think that fat
fucks gonna kick anybody's ass I like it
what's up with that no cuff him but
isn't it weird no it's great the cuffing
thing is weird when you like if
someone's I guess if you because fucking
toothpick legs belly let that meatball
belly to name running but here's the
thing it's like I guess he's accused of
violent crime so you have to cuff him
right if she was accused of murder and
they're convicted you gotta cuff him
what happens to him if he goes to jail
does he get Epstein like do president
III know we any kids if you mess with
any kids yeah I thought so he doesn't
look like that anymore
that's probably two three years ago
right oh that was when he initially got
arrested yeah I about to say that's not
him well I know he looks that was one of
the things that the court artist
there was an art
that drew him throughout the case and
she was saying that you could see his
deterioration is physical deterioration
over the course of the trial have you
seen him lately no did you oh you got to
pull up the video of him like yesterday
it literally him walking out you know he
looks twenty years older I wonder if
that Walker shits real you think that
worn-out shit was I don't think it's
real but I think it became real whoa
don't get done that's right I think it
was yeah look at that
look at just his face yeah I think it
was a thing where oh let's play it for
the court and then he just got so broken
down through the process what she
deserved
mm-hm and it just took a toll on a man
look at him this is the video you just
showed is like two years old it was made
when 18 May 2018 you got him now
look he's lost most of his hair yeah he
looks so old and tired he's probably not
getting any sleep
he's fucking beaten man and he was on
top of the world
if if there is karma right if Karma's
real that's the Karma cuz this guy was
on the top of the world but he was like
forcing everyone yeah Sarkis Dirk so you
want to be a star it's like demonic yeah
I know come on in now karma is like
Tamas saying do you want to suck my dick
I don't want to I don't but I don't want
to all right come here get over here you
wanna make you a star I'm sorry sorry I
don't tell anybody about this like whoa
and then sign and then his contract had
it in there you heard about that okay
like they had a disclaimer in his
contract not only didn't have a
disclaimer for one count of sexual
harassment two counts you get you have
to pay up this amount three counts you
have to pay up that amount like he would
lose money based on how many different
counts of sexual harassment he had so
they were negotiating depended upon him
being a predator like they kind of knew
what what do you mean kind of if they
they knew he knew if you're putting in a
contract you know well that's the other
thing how many people are also liable
here oh my thing is when of the agents
go into jail the ones that kept sending
all the actresses to the
guy than when they knew they know
everybody's an actress can say hey
Harvey Weinstein raped me and then the
agency says listen you want this job or
not like those those people those people
but if you're an agent and you've known
Harvey Weinstein for four or five years
or ten years and you know he's been
doing this but yet you continue to send
actresses right to this guy you have
some type of responsibility to yes but
here's the question did they think that
he was just a pig and he was trying to
talk those girls into willingly having
sex with him which many did or did they
think he was a rapist because he was
both of those things apparently yes he
was a guy who had sex with girls who
were willing to whore themselves out to
be in movies and he also forced himself
on women who did not want to have
anything to do with him so he had both
of those things were going on but you
don't think the agencies that were
sending all these big actresses in they
didn't know they knew the both types a
they had some girls willing and some
girls are saying they're rape you don't
say in question you don't think any
actress ever go went back to their agent
go
I'm never going in again I got raped and
then that and then that agent was like
alright I'm not gonna send you any more
but hey over here go into Harvey well I
like the way you're negotiating here
because the way you're saying it doesn't
give a person out you're saying you
don't think because no one's saying that
they don't think that no one's arguing
that they don't think that's you saying
you don't think that
so you learning from that book yes very
clever I wouldn't say it that way what I
would say is if there's a high
likelihood that they at least suspected
he had forced himself on some women and
there was probably some rumors there was
a hundred percent likelihood they knew
he was a pig there was a high likelihood
that there were some stories about some
things that he had did that were
probably criminal high likelihood I
don't know how many people were privy to
those stories I don't know how deep it
got in whether I mean like if you're an
agent how many actresses do you actually
get to send to Harvey Weinstein how many
you know I don't know I'm sure I'm sure
whoever he wanted to see right but I
don't know what that number is
I don't know how much they actually knew
well we can be pretty sure of at this
point is there's no way all these women
are lying oh no I know they're all I
believe look I know sup hit talks about
the time he threatened to murder Harvey
that's a great story like this is right
after a Gwyneth Paltrow was Harvey
Weinstein made an advancement on Gwyneth
Paltrow and Brad Pitt confronted and
said I'll fucking kill you you do that
again so this is the thing Brad Pitt
knew right so if Brad Pitt knows and
he's one of the biggest movie stars
these agents know this he / Paltrow he
approached Weinstein outside of a play
premiere in 1995 and he told him if you
ever make her feel uncomfortable again
I'll kill you but this is a night look
Joe this is in 1995 25 years ago bro so
you're telling me that these agents and
the industry we are I didn't even know
the guy but I heard these stories write
this woody said is that he touched her
inappropriately and invited her to his
bedroom she told her then boyfriend Brad
Pitt about it see that's what I think
most people had heard and that's gross
but it's not crosses and it's not great
see that I think most people knew about
that shit and Brad Pitt was willing to
kill him over that which I love yeah
yeah but yeah I just think it's a it's a
thing now where like we talked about
earlier it was over correction with me
too that was well deserved and now
you're seeing these guys like Harvey and
get actually money's not gonna get you
out like money geez the Cosby's yes the
were like he's I think he's the tip of
the of the monster pyramid
you know there's Cosby because he they
they did this thing about him where they
said he's probably the most prolific
serial rapist in history which is like
holy shit and he was doing it on the set
of The Cosby Show yeah
like he would invite actresses to oh I
want to make a guest appearance on The
Cosby Show yeah yeah it has go to his
trailer
they wake up covered in jizz with an
empty teacup what the fuck it's like
this is not the part of one it's gusting
and then they probably like jet happened
did that really happen you imagine if
America's dad raped you and you're like
that this did that
what like you probably if you were an
actress and you went to him you were
probably thinking okay this guy is
probably exactly like he is on TVs mr.
Huxtable is gonna be nice to me and you
know he's just a nice guy he's just
gonna you know try to help ya and it
helps people out I would think when
these women woke up
they didn't believe yeah it happened
this probably I'm making my sock yeah
well they say that that's one of the
things that happens with rape victims is
that they sleep with the person
willingly afterwards and it doesn't mean
that they weren't raped but it's almost
like they are trying to erase the shame
of rape by going back to that person
actually willingly having sex with them
it was one of the arguments of Harvey
Weinstein apparently had used is that
these girls had willingly had sex with
him after these encounters and and then
you know they tried to show that but
psychologists talk about that and they
say that this is a coping mechanism that
some victims actually wind up using
which is just I mean the mind plays
crazy tricks on you right and when you
go in to someone who's America's dad
like Bill Cosby you think he's gonna
help you out and give you that little
boost and get you going in your career
and you can't wait to be there with
academy-award going and I just want to
thank Bill Cosby because he gave me my
first break and he's always been into a
beautiful mentor figure to me and a
father figure and meanwhile empty cup of
tea and you got a headache and your
pants are off you're like what the fuck
yeah man I don't like the argument that
that people make like when these like
you know the actresses think Harvey
Weinstein is stuff like that it's like
you have to he paid for the movie you
know you can't be like your argument
that they're not really there's not
really victims because but or or the
argument that you know oh it took 20
years to say something I you know it's
that stuff happens where you just don't
want to say anything
you know look it's a whore business Yeah
right and people whore themselves out in
one way or the other there's men that
hoard themselves out and said things
that they didn't really mean because
they wanted to keep working so they
praised people that they really probably
despised there's probably a lot of that
going on yeah you can't say just because
all those people kissed his ass that he
wasn't really a monster monster yeah but
but a lot of people use that argument
you can't
you really can't it's not valid it
doesn't make sense it's it makes sense
that it's distorted that the whole
thing's distorted and gross even more
gross maybe than just a simple he met
this woman then he tried to rape her
it's even more gross like they work
together for long periods of time and
her career success was dependent upon
his acceptance of them I mean that's
like the ultimate state of power right
if you're the head of one of the biggest
most prominent movie studios in the
world and you bang all the actresses and
everyone knows it but also if you go
against him he'll call the other studios
black in black ball yeah that I think if
it was just okay he runs this studio
yeah and he did me wrong yeah and I okay
we're not gonna work with that studio he
would go out of his way to call other
people to blackball those people yeah
and that's where that's where you're
petrified because you know like we're
comics but some people are actors and
that's what they do that's what they
want to do so it's a thing where you
know if that's your thing you have to
play that game it's no different than
the Comedy Store like I'm past that
prime of hanging out there because I
have a family but that's the game you
hang out in the club it becomes a
fraternity you know and then you get
past you know that like you got us
invest time in that Club you know in the
Comedy Store and that's what everybody
tells me
you know and it's a thing where are you
not past there no no no but my thing
also have you auditioned no that's how
you get past yeah but I heard it's a you
know they like to pass like people that
invest time it's like how come you never
just texted me asked me to get you set
up for an audition I don't ask that up I
didn't even know it's how you ready past
no I'm they're seeing you there oh yeah
I perform there a lot but those are
promoter show promoter shows yeah
yeah be careful because they're probably
gonna eliminate those okay yeah yeah
yeah yeah yeah this is a lot of people
that go up that are not really common
standard mm-hmm and someone will come
the first time to the Comedy Store to
see a promoter show and one of the
promoters goes up and eat shit for 20
minutes in the middle of a star stack
lineup and you're like what the fuck
that I just say well they put a girl
there trying to bang on the line up a
little bit yeah
now now I'ma get heat right you're right
heat from who the girls that are well
I'm not talking it's some I hate that I
said that I know that it's gonna show
back it's true though but I've said Mike
because my friends are some of the
promoters you know oh yeah I put it on
the show yeah you know I look like
there's a lot of these weasels and all
lines of work it's um that promoter
thing is a weird thing because you know
yeah you had your issues
well it's everybody said they're yeah
and that but the big issue is the
quality of the performers a lot of those
guys that are promoting these shows that
really are not professional comics they
kind of like are sometimes comics
occasionally do it so they'll insert
themselves into these star stacks line I
was like just D'Elia and Jess on that
can always and they'll get up in there
and do 20 minutes in the middle of that
that's just Comedy Store hates it do you
like I was with Jim Jefferies is on my
podcast this week and he was talking
about he doesn't like go on The Comedy
Store cuz he's so used to performing in
front of his own crowd hmm that he
actually gets kind of nervous going up
at the Comedy Store cuz why it's good
for you exactly exactly so my thing is
but it's must be different from you
because any time you're on the line up
your fans show up there so you're always
playing home court now well there's some
home court to it but there's also a
bunch of people over there see D'Elia do
you ask people that are there to see
Jeselnik and Whitney Cummings and Ali
Wong and whoever that yeah that's true
is there that's true you you get all
those things yeah you're winning people
over for sure is it as easy as no one
knowing who you are no it's it's it's
it's or is it as hard rather there's no
one knowing who you are no it's not it's
harder if people don't know who you are
then you have to really win them over
but you know I did that yeah I've done
that forever like I know what I'm doing
like doing stand-up at this point is
really about being honest about the
material reps putting in the time
putting in the effort putting in the
focus and then grinding you got a grind
you got to trust the process do you ever
get nervous before you go on or is that
you're really yeah get a little antsy
yeah yeah get a little fuckin here we go
here we go yeah I like that man I like
being nervous when I used to fight when
I wasn't nervous as I've had my worst
performances always won got to relax
because you got to be on edge man
because that it's an unnatural state
right going on on stage in front of
thousands of people is an unnatural
state you should be a little on edge it
shouldn't be like waking up or going to
the gym or anything normal it should be
weird
there should be where every time I go on
stage it's fucking weird you know it's
like it's the closest because I don't
fight but like gladiator like you're a
gladiator walking into an arena except
they're not cheering you on at the
beginning they want to make me laugh you
know with you when they see you there
but you still got to make them laugh you
gotta you gotta crush it well I so I
have all these things that I put into my
head before I go onstage not just about
the material itself because I have the
over the last three or four years I've
altered my preparation for shows and one
of the big things is index cards I take
index cards and I write down all my shit
but I'll spend a whole hour just writing
on index cards and then in my hotel room
before that I will write and it doesn't
even have to be about the material that
I'm doing sometimes it is sometimes it's
not but I will write for over an hour
I'll make sure I do that so I have two
hours of solid writing the day of a show
and that's just to keep everything going
that's like every I want everything
poppin and it's sharp and I wanted to be
I don't want to be oh let me think about
my bits right before I go onstage no no
I'm thinking about that shit all day
long and then I think about people
getting babysitter's I think about
people dragging their wife than why I
was like he's funny like I think I want
all those people to have a good time man
I think about people paying money I
think about people saving money
think about people taking trips and
driving in their cars and getting on
planes and coming to see me like I get
jazzed up man I get fired up I want to
do a good job I don't ever take it for
granted I think just people paid money
they put invested their time in me I
don't want to let them down
no that's great because it's almost like
by you preparing like that you've
already done the set five times before
you even hit the stage so you're like
where's so many people just alright well
hi what you gonna do oh I don't know I
figured out what I'm up there they're
not paying all this money for you to
figure it out but here's a difference
when I do the Comedy Store sometimes I
don't do that yeah you work out you know
and one of the reasons why I don't do
that is because I am trying to
experiment and I'll do things backwards
where I'll do like my closing bit first
or I'll do punchlines first and try to
reinvent the the beginning of it like at
the end and I do that just to try to
figure out if I'm doing a bit the right
way because you don't really know I know
the beats I know where there's jokes and
know where it's funny and I know the
premise but I don't know if I'm doing it
the right way I need to find out and
there's a lot of guys that they'll come
up with a premise and they'll start
working it and they never change it it
gets a few laughs and it could have been
better but they never allowed it to grow
they never will loose they never opened
it up so I'll get baked as fuck I'll
drink I'll have a couple shots of
whiskey now onstage to just ramble and
sometimes that's not my best set but
sometimes destroy a groove and then you
catch this new part of a bit that's way
better than any other version of it's
been before and then it becomes your
closing bit and that's so it's a it's a
gym in a lot of ways it's like there's a
there's a whole process to it but that
shit doesn't happen in arenas yeah you
know when I do in arenas you know I got
music playing in the green room I'm
pacing and shadowboxing I stretch I do
yoga I do cardio the day of that's
another thing I do before every show I
always do cardio want to blow off all
the extra steam I don't want any
bullshit in my head I want to look
pump it out sweat it out stretch so then
so I've covered my mental bases I've
covered my material I've covered my
brain preparation I've covered my my
gratitude I've covered all those things
cover all those things so that when you
in when I go out there I'm still nervous
wow that's that's amazing like I just
love what you're what you're doing with
this podcast what you're doing with
stand up like last time I was here I it
changed my life and I and I'm telling
you changed my life in a good way
because you know I I said I didn't work
out and I never got so many shirtless
pics of dudes saying go dude
you know when you work out you don't
have to get big you could be shredded so
they were sending me your your audience
was sending me workouts and it inspired
me to start working out and so I started
like going to the gym and I tried out
you know I do a lot of research so I
tried different things I tried the ones
where you run around jump up and that
wasn't my thing run up those boot camps
and all that stuff okay and I'm 45 that
shit yeah That's not me
I'm a college football player I'm a high
school football player I need weights
and organization okay so I did research
but nobody just does weight and I found
a place called lift society it's changed
my life literally every day you do
glutes I mean you do legs one day you do
chest one upper body one day and it just
rotates in the and you change workouts
every week it goes from 12 to 10 to 8
it's just like college football it's
just it and it's and the thing is you
control you you have your own rack so
they only let like 9 people in the class
and it's one trainer so it's almost like
a personal training because you're all
doing the same thing and nobody's in
your space and it's all weights it's not
it is jumping around grabbing a rope but
throwing balls it I just need my weights
you know what I mean do you do any
cardio no mm-hmm don't you want to do a
little cardio do a job I don't know I
don't mean I've lost like
way little and soft for weight loss it's
for heart health well but when you're
doing squats bro your hearts crowd
[Laughter]
yeah sure especially doing the high reps
yeah we're doing 12 reps right oh five
sets of twelve and then it goes for
three man I don't know it's I weigh a
little more but I must I'm a lot more
shredded that's truffle yeah I lovely
feel better
100% ah see there you go like I actually
I don't have muscle legs but my legs are
strong now you know how to leave it like
you should be able to touch it like the
first time I came here you could touch
my leg it would touch my bone
like literally squishy yeah it's tight
you have muscle memory which is
interesting isn't it yeah like but your
body goes oh yeah we're playing football
again yeah yeah well that's why I don't
go super heavy because I was so hard for
people that have never done jack shit
that's the hardest for people never done
jack shit to get in shape because
everybody's like what and the fuck are
we doing
whereas with you your body's like oh
we're getting big again yeah we know how
did we get strong again we know how to
lift weights we did this yeah unless
yeah but I'm not into the jumping its
but the body's so interesting man what a
crazy looking like I went years
especially when I was doing jujitsu
I went years without hitting the bag or
doing any kicks and then one time
someone asked me to explain something
and I like like how do you do that thing
like I've heard about a spinning back
here come on I'll show you how to do it
and I went over to the bag and I'm like
part of me was like do I really know how
to do this like I haven't done this in
years it's like a false memory like is
this real do I really not and then I
start doing it and then my body is like
oh we're doing this shit again it just
clicks but it's weird because it doesn't
seem real like it's like when I'm about
to do it I'm like we're gonna fall my
ass right here do I really know what I'm
doing like when you don't do something
for a long time your body has to like
kind of go oh yeah I remember this you
have to do it a couple times you have a
memory like I have a memory of it but
that memory seems fake of a lot of
memories in my life that seem really
fake really oh yeah
oh yeah well life is weird right and my
life is very weird my life is weird
every left everyone's life is weird
life is weird mm-hmm where these weird
monkeys that are clinging to a rock
that's hurtling through space there's no
roof above us
sky is infinite and it's weird you're
gonna live a certain amount of time and
then we're gonna dime we don't even know
what the fuck happens then but Dee okay
so there's that and then there's famous
weird which is really weird and then
this famous weird that's I've lived so
many different lives like so I have like
these lives in my back my past where I'm
like oh boy is that real did I do that
stuff wait wait now I'm getting lost you
have sorry art style martial art okay
okay gotcha
yeah binding but even stand up man like
there's moments before I go onstage was
like do I really don't really do this
yeah like this it's a weird freak out
when you're about to get introduced in a
in a fucking sold-out arena and you're
in the back and you're like is this real
you do this like I feel like I have a
false memory of me doing this like I
know I did all that stuff I know I did
all that preparation but then you got to
kind of trust it and then you know they
go ladies and gentlemen Joe it all falls
into place yeah like you have to trust
the process but you got to do it a lot
to trust it that's why stand-up is it's
so critical to do the reps you got to do
mad reps and I fucked that up in the
past before man I've done that in the
past where I was only working like one
or two shows on the weekend and that's
it that's all I was doing for a few
years a couple years and my performances
suffered they did they weren't as good
you have to do a lot of reps more that's
what that's what I love about they end
up it's it's stage time it's the great
equalizer
yep you know what I mean like I I know
comics I said I've been doing a fifteen
years but there's stage time maybe five
or six years right look guys it's
because that's the thing Russell Peter
said it doesn't matter how many years
you do it it matters the stage time yes
because stage time makes the e that's
not true
this is why it's not true okay because
you need reflection time - so the time
in between that stage time is critical
as well it's not just the time you go on
stage the time you think about that as
well
you can't just get
ten years where the stand up in three
years you can't know will you ever be
able to do it yeah because you're not
gonna grow enough as a human and also
your your your values and your your
perception would be distorted because
you'd be to stand up centric one of the
things about stand-up that I found you
have to have other life experiences and
I think my other life experiences
enhance my standup yeah I think I think
he was more talking about the people
that's ya know I don't want to say that
Grubbs everybody's equal no no they're
not people that do it just for girls
like that I know lots of communities
that just County for 15 years but really
you're just doing it for the girls you
know I don't have to mention any names I
know a lot of those dudes yeah those
guys suffer they suffer they suffer
because they know they know they could
have really pursued it as a real art
form they could have they could have
appreciated the unbelievably fortunate
position that you are in where you have
an opportunity to be a professional
stand-up comedian and I think a lot of
those guys they probably never had real
jobs yeah like if you had like a real
job working on a construction side or
doing something hard driving limos and
you know work in a fuckin shitty office
sitting in a cubicle every day suffering
yeah and then and then internalizing
that suffering and realizing I don't
want to fucking do this god I wish I
could be a comedian god I wish I could
be a professional you know Greg
Fitzsimmons and I we started out exactly
the same time like a week apart from
each other
Greg and I have been buddies forever and
one of the things that we talk about is
when we first started in Boston we never
thought about having a career we all we
thought about is man if I command if I
could pay my bills
doing stand-up like having like Greg has
won multiple Emmys he's had showtime
specials and you know headlines all over
the country he's and we were talking
about it like I never would have dreamed
that would have been possible it wasn't
even a dream yeah the dream was make a
living that's it just make a living yeah
that's what I was saying it was so
inspiring like coming on this podcast
because it kind of was a domino thing
after doing this because to me this
podcast is very inspirational to people
and it was the moment I was on here like
I so I did this whole lifting then I'd
listen to the
David Goggins book and I was like oh my
god this dude's crazy and Abby's like
and I did the mirror thing like he said
like the first thing on my mirror is WTF
Oh work the fuck out right so that's the
first thing I do in the morning and I go
if this dude can go through all this I
can wake up and workout in the morning
and then comedy's up there and then sell
a TV show which already happened this
year that's gonna be announcing a couple
so it's thanks but it's a thing where
sometimes you just need to see it
firsthand
yeah because once I saw which you've
done live I've seen it on on YouTube but
what you hear and you feel the magnitude
of it it was like what the fuck am i
doing I need to really start pushing
harder and I need to really focus just
on comedy on podcasting I built me a
podcast it like it was just so inspiring
and then it just dominoed into more and
more things where and I had a lot to do
what your listeners like saying
jiu-jitsu gyms reaching up to me cuz I
said I want to try that you should try
it you're built for him I told me not to
because my knee I have knee problems
right what's wrong with you knee again
it's meniscus I know I never got to fix
mmm so get it scoped but like the
shirtless dudes in the hole the hole
judges it bother you right now you need
yeah yeah time well I squat and stuff
it's fine but I couldn't imagine
somebody like I I did one of these
classes where I just jump around a
little bit and heard it that's why you
ever get an MRI I did they said it's
just it's just you know rough like it's
grinding on each other so they injected
it with the gel so channels I can't
remember what they threw it hyaluronic
acid so they did that that probably give
you a little bit of space yeah a little
yes so it feels better but I know I
couldn't take like yeah man smite
punches me or hits me out that right man
literally ah but yeah but you don't have
to get hit jiu-jitsu is not about
getting hit it's just grappling okay
yeah no no I'm good okay yeah all right
I don't think I could handle that like I
don't have to baby steps yeah hey I just
started working out again
I can send you to someone who can inject
some stem cells and Tunie that'll help
you a lot
do you believe in stem cells so 100%
yeah I've had some significant results
no the fact results that are shown on
the MRI I had a full length rotator cuff
tear in my right shoulder that they were
thinking I was gonna need surgery on I
got some stem cells and less than a year
later I had two stem cell injections in
less than a year later I got another MRI
and it was gone have you have you heard
that means the tear disscourn
it's gone it's it healed up PRP and
something called exosomes exosomes and
PRP fixed my shoulder I've done PRP on
my knee one that can help no it did help
look for like a couple years but have
you have you done NDA I guess no not IV
no of don pills
I've done the pills and we've talked
about having the IV lady come down here
when I say lady nid not NDA Oh what did
you say yeah her that's the shit I've
never done but I take the pills but I've
never done the intravenous or heard the
interview I want to I want to try it but
the only thing that scares me I have a
doctor for it so he's like oh you got to
try it you gotta try it
yeah and that scares you well the
tightness of chest when they do it oh
yeah he goes to your gut apparently yeah
ten minute version the 10 minute push
version really is painful no no well he
says it takes like three four hours yeah
the three four-hour one is easy
apparently the 10-minute one is the one
wheeler Jesus oh come on bro we'll do it
together hold your hand oh hell no I'm
just scared my I'm just scared much like
I'm scared of that anything that because
my friend's name is dr. Shaw and he's
amazing
like he's the type of dude where we'll
just go to lunch and he'll tell me all
the new stuff that's coming out right
and he he owns this place called neck
cells it's awesome but will
lunch right next door and he'll just
break down it everything anything dude
nad it restores cells hmm you know it
makes you it won't necessarily keep your
life you won't live longer but your
cells get younger and they they work
better your heart I'll pump blood better
everything will be better but you have
to do it five days in a row five days in
a row five days in a row for max for
five days in a row for often what he
said like once a year once a year just
five days in a row yeah that's it yeah
but it's like three to four hours man
like it's 750 Miller milliliter
yeah I think you could do it in ten
minutes if you can cut it out know how
much you can know I bet David Goggins
are doing stretch for two hours
yes I every night but every night I want
to know this routine like he I know how
could you stretch for two ow
he just does it he doesn't have a job
first of all he made I don't say I'm
sure i wanna say his numbers but he made
an ungodly amount of money on his book
and he doesn't even own a car he was I'm
a black Jew I don't spend no money on no
car so he runs everywhere like his video
his wife has a car and he doesn't buy a
car he's and he's not spending any of
that money look he's he's the real deal
like he's not posing that's that guy all
day long 24 hours a day you know and
he's honest about every step in the way
he goes sometimes
I get up and I just look at my sneakers
I look at my sneakers like a half-hour I
don't do shit I just sit there feel
sorry for myself like I don't really
want to run but then it's that fucking
bitch you're gonna run run motherfucker
then he goes and then once I run then I
feel it he goes and then when I run I
get mad at myself for not wanting to run
earlier so I run more like he's honest
about like his vulnerabilities in his
weakness he's honest about who he is but
it's also there's no no question he's
gonna get everything done like he's he's
a complex individual and I think because
of the fact that he's so honest about
all that stuff it makes him even more
entry
like he's honest like all the pictures
of him when he was drinking milkshakes
and he was 300 pounds and yeah he loves
showing those to people he's like that
was me who's that was me I was a fat
fuck I was a fat fuck I was lazy he's
like the first time I went running I ran
like a quarter of a mile and I was
gassed out I sit on the side of the road
like but do you believe like in that
book he thinks everybody has that in
them do you think everybody not to that
degree man cuz that book was insane well
I think it depends I mean everybody has
that in them if you choose to act the
way he acts but a lot of that book is
insane and you learn cuz I read the book
as well you learn from that book and the
audio Bush book I would actually
recommend because in between chapters he
talks about all the different things
that happen and actually elaborates in a
more extensive way makes you go holy
shit
like his life was hell his father was a
monster and he did not have a happy
childhood by any stretch the imagination
was horrible it was he it was filled
with torture and racism and strife and
struggle and he felt sorry for himself
and it was terrible but all those demons
now he has those motherfuckers locked up
pushing the wheel you know that iron
wheel at Kong Dome there in his head now
pushing his wheel he's got those
motherfuckers working for him now those
are they worked for him like he's in
control and so that fuel is not
everybody everybody doesn't have those
demons like the person that's gone
through the kind of life that David
Goggins has had is the type of person
that has those demons and all of those
long distance motherfuckers they all
have demons oh yeah yeah friend cam
Haynes he's got a ton of demons he'll
tell you he's like you would not want
have had my childhood it was not a happy
childhood and those people that like you
would think that you would think that
having a happy childhood is good and
that's what I'm trying to provide for my
family and I know that's what you're
trying to provide for your family but
and to be there and be loving and to be
playful and be supportive and all the
good things that I wish I had when I was
a kid
I want to provide that to my kids but
part of the reason why I'm Who I am was
cuz my childhood sucked that's what it
didn't suck as bad as David Goggins it
didn't suck as bad as people that have
been raped and didn't suck as bad as
people who were continually molested and
beaten and all those things I didn't you
know I want to compare with someone
who's had a real victim it's just mine
wasn't good yeah but there wasn't it
wasn't happy and that drove me that
drove me I needed I needed to prove my
value I need I don't know my dad I
needed to prove myself worth I needed to
prove that I was worth something I
didn't feel like I was as good as other
kids
I felt let I felt insecure always always
growing up it wasn't until I started
being good at something that I realized
you could get positive reactions from
people from being good at something and
then I became obsessed with being good
at things and so that became my life it
became I I know what to do now I know
how to grind so do you think when people
have a great upbringing for them to be
successful it's actually harder it's
harder it's harder because you have
everything it show me the man who's the
son of a great man show me a great man
who's the son of a great man it's very
rare it's very rare most men who are the
sons of great men struggle in the shadow
of their father most of them and I think
because they because the kid doesn't
have to struggle the kid doesn't have to
struggle are with you also you're
comparing yourself to someone who is
exceptional and you're always in their
shadow there there's it's the only time
it's different is in sports occasionally
those father's mentor those kids and
those kids derive a bunch of self-esteem
and a bunch of positive feedback from
that parent if the parent does it
correctly like a Leo Gracie
who's the founder of Brazilian jiu-jitsu
want one of the founders along with
Carlos Gracie one of the things that he
did with his children and he had of an
allele was a great man and his children
are fucking assassins I mean he
developed literally an army of the
greatest martial artists the world's if
ever the world's ever known one of the
things he did when they
compete he would give them prizes if
they're lost he didn't put any pressure
on them he understood early on that
putting pressure on kids and making like
this is your whole life they crack they
break they just can't take it anymore
and then they want up doing drugs and
they escape but they give up
he made it playful he made it fun for
them and then when things were terrible
and they lost they felt awful he would
give him a toy he would buy them things
and he was like you you know you did
your best
it's okay like he no pressure no
pressure like that and I don't know if
that would work on everybody but
goddammit at work on his kids yes his
hoist Gracie Hicks and Gracie Hoyer
Gracie the Elson like thumbs I'm the
greatest martial artists the world's
ever known
all out of one man all one man's child
children and because this guy had this
philosophy I'm not putting pressure on
them and keep being loving so it can be
done so most people are not gonna do it
because to him probably when he was
coming up he was punished for obably I
don't know I mean it's hard to tell I
don't know I don't know what his life
was like was hid with his father I've
never read into it but I think that it's
it's really hard to come from a happy
loving life and be exceptional and then
be charismatic guys like Joey Diaz right
where's the Joey Diaz come from you
can't make it Joey Diaz in a lab he's a
savage yeah and the shit that he says on
stage and how funny he is bro you got to
have a hard life Joey Diaz found his
mother dead on the floor while he was on
acid when he was 13 years old okay and
his dad was already gone by that point
he was adopted by his friends parents
like Joey Diaz had a hard fucking life I
would never wish that on anybody
especially my children but that is what
made him the animal that he is today
that I mean that you read David Goggins
book that struggle made him who he is
Mike Tyson terrible childhood became
this ferocious combat sports athlete but
probably one of the greatest heavy one
of the greatest heavyweight champions of
all time a legend right why out of pain
at a suffering out of understanding that
you don't want to ever go back to that
place again you what you have to find
some way out
I think that's why some parents you know
they call them the helicopter parent or
the the the dad that's always at
football practice that's yelling at
their son you know like I think they
know that too so they try to make
sometimes parents try to make it more
difficult on their kids I think those
people are usually living vicariously
through their children and they usually
were bitch athletes huh and they want
their kids to be good yeah are you
competitive what your are you a
competitive dad what do you mean in what
way I I don't know sports I make a real
concerted effort to be happy for
everybody okay everybody the other team
to say that was really good wow she's
like when when my daughter's play sports
they played basketball and soccer and a
bunch other shit I always make I always
go out of my way to say that girl on the
other team is really good like wow look
how good she is at passing like no
judgment like no like fuck that team
we're number one
that's nonsense yeah I mean my some of
those parents do that shit and that gets
me upset my dad little girl knows how to
hustle look at her go like I make an
effort to praise everybody see I would
be like that but right now my son is too
and I get mad when other two-year-olds
are bigger than him like I'm that dude
right now like but I want him to be the
biggest the best and the biggest I don't
here's a guy he's gonna be a big kid
some no grow later I hope so how big his
wife she's five five nine so you're
gonna have a big kid I hope so but right
now don't worry about a feedom give him
help me I'll give you some but the
doctor was like well he's on the smaller
side and that really messed up
it's so now what every time and I hate
that I'm this guy every time I'm always
a culture he told your kid I know but
dude no but I won't be that after I know
like he's very athletic he hits a golf
ball like a beast already at two o Joe
yeah you got another Tiger Woods coming
pull do me a favor you have to see this
Joe lightly yeah pull up my Instagram go
down about six rows it's sad that I know
exactly
but it's a photo of him it's a video of
him hitting a golf ball out of the like
over a fence really and this was six
months ago so he was like he was just
turned 2 Wow and we don't eat it I don't
force it on him I want to put that do
god he watches it on TV cuz I like
watching golf
sometimes so he watches it it's him you
see it yeah I mean it's amazing we take
him too sometimes he'll he has a ass to
play so if he asked me he'll go I want
to go like to range so I'll take him to
the driving range professional golfers
sit there and watch them really coaches
coaches will hold it okay no no no go
back a couple more go back a couple more
there's it's right where is it where is
it where is it no yes
that one right here watch this over the
fence and watch him hold and watch him
hold it dude that's incredible yeah
that's incredible for a two-year-old
yeah he like he got some fucking airtime
there look at that thing go yeah Oh was
it easy so the hole looks a little so
big cuz he's a little so little yeah Wow
look at that that's nuts over the fence
dude and we didn't even teach him see if
that's incredible you didn't teach him
how to do that no he watched it on TV
and I've never Moneyball ha to play golf
I'm never play golf that's crazy yeah
you watch golf you don't play golf
I went Tiger Woods you remember when he
won this is about the time like six
seven eight months ago when he won that
he came back and made a big win and I
was like oh let's watch it so he my son
started like golf golf gosh so we
grabbed a golf club my father-in-law
plays golf but he comes over sometimes
but my son just took to it picked up a
golf club we bought him some stuff and
he just started hitting balls that's
crazy it's bananas but that's really
crazy
yes if he can do that with twisting the
torso and he knows how to rotate his
feet yeah that's one of the things that
kids get stuck when you teach them
martial arts they don't rotate their
feet right because the way to get torque
is you have to you have to pivot on your
the ball your feet he's doing that
instinctively already got it that's a
maze always mirroring so I was saying
these coaches are like hold is he of
like - they're like ok let me know when
he's five cuz they can't they can't
coach a kid - they're five I guess
that's some kind of golf role or
something
he's gonna be a wizard by the time he's
five take him to miniature golf and work
on his putting skills and then by the
time he's five
yeah I'm sued I'm being retired about 17
years talk about gravy train invest much
money in golf like that's something to
really I have a friend and his daughter
is playing golf and he got her into golf
specifically because he said that's a
great way to get a scholarship if you if
you could go back and play what sport
what would it be me it's golf 100% pool
I wish pool had a professional league I
wish that me like a little I mean it
does have professional league but it's
not they don't you can make any money
well I'm talking about money like if you
go back and play one thing to make money
I avoided golf because I get addicted to
games and I knew golf would take eight
hours it takes two I would see comics
that would really get into golf and I'd
see their their comedy slip off because
they were paying too much attention to
golf and I was like I'm good and you
tired you walk around the course all day
with the fucking bag clubs cuz comics
are poor in a golf court you know you're
playing in public courses and I would
see these guys they would they come in
son Burt eight hours of drinking and and
not gonna ball around and then they'd be
tired when they did stand-up and I was
like oh I can't fuck with this that golf
bag is heavy well also I have a real
addiction problem with games like it's a
real issue I get very very very addicted
to games so I can't I can't fuck with
golf I know you love those shooter games
right I love quake quake is the one for
me but I love playing pool too playing
pool was a huge part of my my youth when
I lived in New York I played in
tournaments I played every day I would
go to the comedy club this is what I
would do is my mourning day I would get
up around noon
usually I go to the gym work out go to
the pool hall hang out play a little bit
go to do my comedy show come home from
my comedy show go straight to the pool
hall that's I won't bring my pool cue
with me to the to the shows I leave it
in my trunk and then on my way back from
the comedy club I would go straight to
the pool hall I play all night so were
you good yeah it was good okay yeah I
could play like I'm a B player I'm like
we call a B player like I have won
tournaments before when I was playing
every I mean not like a big tournament
but I played in some professional
tournaments I never did well but uh you
know I beat some people that were pretty
decent players I never beat a real like
legit pro but I could have played
professional if I really put the time
and effort into it like I got clock and
run out like I can break and run out of
game at 9:00 got you I can I think I'm
the most have broken to run I was I
think I broke out four racks in a row
and I think I ran 70 balls playing
straight pool it's not it's not top of
the food chain but it's legit I can play
a little bit which we call shortstop
that's we look at all a shortstop player
but I could I mean this is when I was in
my early early 20s if I dedicated myself
to it I had the desire and I had the
interest to try to play professionally
and that and the difference between
someone who's an amateur and a
professional is really just about time
and focus and desert but there's no
money in it yeah if there was money in
professional pool like golf money I
would want I wouldn't want problem yeah
a hundred percent like I love it my
thing is I wanted to be professional
football player until I got all these
concussions now I look at my son and
everybody goes are you gonna let your
son play football I'm like no don't I
can't no I was like my son fight for
sure I would never let him play football
no those are car wrecks happen and every
time you each other hit each other in a
head exactly that's exactly the way to
look at it it's a car wreck cuz like
even when you get knocked out like it's
not nearly even occasionally it is but
most of times not it's not nearly the
kind of force that a football player is
hit all the time and you get hit like
that in practice you get hit like that
in high school you get hit like that in
college you get hit like that in all
these games and it all adds up man it
all adds up and a lot of these guys by
the time they're
young like they said Aaron Hernandez
when he died when they checked his brain
he had one of the worst cases of CTE
they had ever seen I think they said it
was like of a almost like his brain
lived like 50 or 60 it was aged so much
in a short amount of time did you watch
that document I haven't watched that
documentary it's insane but also when
you when we go over the stuff that's in
CTE mood and all the other impulsive bad
behavior all those issues like that was
that guy's life
yeah those stuffs what he did and how
much of that shit came from playing
football all of it a giant percentage of
it
a giant well even football when you get
successful it brings on the wrong kind
of friends so even if it wasn't his head
money and fame brings different kind of
people in your life too for sure and
also you're being rewarded for being
ultra violent like your your your
success comes from being ultra violent
you know that's a thing that happens
with fighters like you develop skills to
hurt people right and then as you get
better at hurting people you get more
accolades you get more success and then
you delve further and deeper into this
world of being this ultra violent
assassin and then you know you that
becomes your identity your identity is
you're the guy who smashes people mm-hmm
you know and it's it's all that's a it's
a hard train to get off to once you're
on that and that's your life and then
also new 3637 and then you can't do it
and you can't do anymore or you're not
doing it well and you're getting you're
becoming the nail and out the hammer and
you're like fuck what am i doing with my
life and then with each fight that you
have when you're slipping a little bit
you so I'm just gonna fight till I'm 40
the real damage is those ages 36 37 38
39 40 fights those that's where the real
damage is coming because those are the
ones you're getting Kayode those are the
ones are getting rocked all the time you
know your you lost the step you've taken
a lot of damage maybe knees are gone
maybe your back's fucked up and truth is
people people have a tough time quitting
well I like it I look I I see football
players I used to know a lot of football
players that would interview them and
different things like that it's crazy
that all your life you're glorified
as this one thing and then once it's
gone it's it's hard like I remember I
couldn't play college football anymore
it's like what do I do now you get it
some type of depression where you like
for sure this is what I was this is what
I trained all my life for and now it's
gone now what I do well one of the
reasons why do so many different things
is because I don't like banking on any
one thing a hundred percent I don't
think it's wise it's not good for me
either
I like being I like being interested in
different stuff you know that's also
like well I have all these hobbies I
have all these different things and I'm
interested whether it's playing pool or
archery or
hunting or any of these other things
that I'm interested in I'm not just
interested in them for the end like with
hunting the end is always the the
excellent meat that you get out of it
and the fact that you're eating this
organic wild game that's the best food
in the world that's for sure number one
but it's also the difficulty in the
pursuit allows me to express myself in a
different way allows me also allows me
because I'm not that good at it I mean
I'm better at it than a regular person
but in terms of like I have friends that
are like world-class archers and bow
hunters like my friends John Dudley and
Kamryn Haines those two guys are two the
very best bow hunters in the world and
they're my mentors they help me out a
lot but I like sucking at things mm-hmm
cuz you can learn about yourself you
learn about yourself from concentrating
it's not something that's ingrained in
my psyche in my brain it's something
that I have to concentrate on and
practice every day and I think there's a
real benefit in sucking at things yes
even if you're a you're excellent at
something find something you suck at and
get better at it it's it's really
there's real benefit to that for to
being a beginner it's it stimulates your
mind in a way that when you've already
achieved a certain level of success or a
certain level of some high level of
ability at something where you've been
doing it most of your life
you sort of like you get accustomed to
this feeling of being really good at
something the real growth isn't sucking
the real growth is in like that's why I
like yoga I've been doing yoga for like
fucking years I still suck I suck like
most classes I fall out of poses I don't
however I mean I occasionally make it
through the whole pose without
sweating and shaking and straining but I
never made it through an entire class
without ever falling out of any poses
I've never done that ever ever I've
never had a one class where I made it to
the end but I see these old ladies doing
it right next to me rushing yeah
crushing it
little ninety-year-old old lady just
fucking holding her feet up in front of
her and they some people they've done
that kind of shit a long time but the
real I mean it's great for them don't
get me wrong the real growth in things
is sucking learning learning like how do
I do this what do I do
because then when you can do it it's all
the more gratifying it's all the more
gratified but also it opens up new
pathways in your mind when you learn
learning things whether you're learning
a language and I'm talking about my ass
there cuz I don't know any language uh
but this is what I've been told is that
it helps you intellectually when you're
learning a game like chess that's
complex when you're learning archery
when you're learning things that require
all these moving parts to come together
that's why martial arts is so good
you're using your brain because you're
thinking things through you're also
using your brain because you're managing
your emotions you're also using your
brain because you're managing your
discipline and your will so you cuz you
don't want to quit and then you're using
your brain to try to harden your body
and condition your body and get it to
the point where you can actually do
jujitsu effectively yeah and then you
also have to get discipline so that you
go to the gym all the time so you have
strength in order to execute these moves
and you have cardiovascular endurance in
order to survive the rounds all those
things are not just good for jiu-jitsu
they're good for life like my talk when
no instructor said something to me when
I was really young and he said Taekwondo
is a vehicle for developing your human
potential and I was like oh I get it so
this is just a thing I'm doing and the
better I get at this thing now I
understand how to get good at things
that's what it is so when you do
something new that you suck at whether
it's yoga or playing golf or anything
the growth is in learning the growth is
in figure out what do i how am i holding
it like this yeah okay does here hmm
like you learn and
in learning there's something that
happens to you like your your mind
expands the synapses fire you see things
better I I'm so disappointed myself
because I I said when my son was born I
have a lady that comes over in I tell
her just speak Spanish till you know
three days a week so and I said by the
time he's two or three I'm a no Spanish
too
cuz I'm a learn it when he learns it
goddamnit I don't know one word of
Spanish besides a lot right but I'm
upstairs the other day and this lady is
talking to my son in Spanish and he's
answering in Spanish and I have no idea
what they're talking about wizard off
plans great for them man oh it's so good
but but like my I don't know my parents
didn't didn't like why wouldn't they
teach me in the well why wouldn't my mom
talk to me in Korean she wanted to
Americanize me because people made fun
of her so now it's except like it's cool
to know other languages now before it
was like oh you know they would do this
to my mom you know the Asian to my mom
so my mom was like I gotta Americanized
you as soon as possible I don't want you
to have to go through that and I feel
cheated because I should know Korean I
should know Spanish I lived in Texas and
Miami and I'm just this dude that
doesn't even I lived in Miami for eight
years and don't know Spanish and Texas
like I'm pathetic and I said my daughter
was born I go you know what by the time
she's three i'ma learn Spanish and she's
three months I haven't taken one class
but I am though I am gonna start you
know why don't you do what do you listen
to when you're in your car you driving
her books books just listen to Spanish
doesn't listen to things on like one of
those rosetta stone I'm gonna do it um
you know what last time I was here do it
I started working out to it next time I
come I'm gonna do my whole interview and
speak you know Tom Segura is doing his
whole special in Spanish I didn't even
know that dude spoke Spanish Maisie
Lewin you should see him and his mom his
mom together doing a podcast in Spanish
it's fucking hilarious
his mom's hilarious his mom farts so
loud and he caught her like she was
farting like in the house and she would
they were laughing at it and so then he
filmed her when she didn't know and she
sit in front of the kitchen and she rips
this fucking tremendous fart yeah listen
to them play play some of it cuz it's
hilarious to legatos other thing nice
yeah normal
no time normal normal pedo NSA Polk
Atticus hasta con el yunque no love at
William I can't see he looks like a bro
ya know it's interesting people talk
shit around him in Spanish and then
he'll let let it go for a little while
and then he'll just respond in perfect
Spanish and they're like oh yeah he just
signed it to deal Netflix but is mission
one in Spanish dude I could have done
one in English and one in Korean you
screwing me out of money over here
is there anyone who's doing other
bilingual specials was there anyone
different I mean I'm sure there is but
I'm sure Diaz does Spanglish shows so
he'll do like half of it in English and
have it in Spanish and he'll let the
people know like he's doing some shows
in Miami and and he writes down there in
Spanglish
so he's letting people know a lot of
ways gonna be doing is like Cuban
flavored stand-up well in Miami they're
all the radio stations they are
Spanglish most of them yeah there you go
hola como estas all right coming up
we're gonna and then they go like that's
all I know
that's all I know is all like almost
awesome you can learn I will okay oh
well get aggressive no no no last time I
was here I started lifting weights and
everything so now next time I come I'm
speaking Spanish Korean Oh beautiful you
got a podcast studio now rolling I'm
telling you it's inspiring
dude you are inspiring oh thank you yeah
I may be happy to hear that but I think
but but what I love about you there they
are all about like the positivity you
know I know a lot of times they can
leave some comments and stuff like that
but the people that reached out to me
and I don't read comments put the people
that directly DM me it was all like dude
this this this this
disa for sending me workouts and I was
like this is great man this means it's a
very very happy this is what it's about
that is what it's about that makes me
very happy
yeah yeah man I think he put it out if
you put that out there that's what comes
back you know I think when you have a
negative message you know you're gonna
get a lot of negativity your way
yeah people that are real negative all
the time their fans are all negative I
mean it just goes hand in hand doesn't
yeah it does my friend you know I have a
friend he you know he hasn't broke her
anything but he's a comic but when he
goes up he goes I don't know why I
always get heckled like literally every
time I go up I get heckled and I go well
you're always yelling out the crowd you
like like he's mad he goes up yelling at
the crowd if they don't laugh at the
beginning what fuck you guys like about
people that are inspiringly think about
Goggins right yeah Goggins his message
has changed so many people's lives and
it's it's he's changing their lives a
lot of it just by explaining what he
does so he puts that energy out there
people attract that energy and then they
respond likewise they respond and turn
you know that's what happens in this
world when you know and then there's
always people that are hating on him
fuck you pussy you know you this you
that you know you didn't do this you
didn't do that like you ain't shit I'll
fuck you up if I find you crazy people
also one of the reasons why they be one
of the reasons why they hate people is
they don't like being they don't like
measuring up to someone and coming up
short when you see a guy like David
Goggins and you realize like I don't
have that kind of will I guys just don't
have that kind of will like this guy's
getting up every day and running
marathons he's doing broke the world
record for the amount of chin-ups you
can do in 24 hours but he's not asking
you to do that like like this morning
the perfect is a 430 I woke up and I
always have coffee at 5:00 and and I
wasn't always waking up before 3:00 at
4:30 why after I read that book yeah
exactly
oh yeah I wake up at 4:30 now every
morning and at 5:00 I drink a coffee and
I workout at 6:00 at 5:15 I was like you
know what maybe I'm not gonna end in WTF
oh all my mirrors like work the fuck out
and I was like I'm gonna go because of
that book I'm still like drinking that
kool-aid man like that's good kool-aid
so it's changed my life
like when I say I did this part changed
I like 4:30 every morning and I go and I
fall asleep around 9:00 every single day
that's my schedule that's beautiful yeah
that's a good schedule and in since the
last time I've been here I was like look
I hosted a lot but now I'm just gonna
invest in and stand up in I know you're
at acting but I want to just I want to
support my goal by the end of this
year's be able to 100% fully support my
family just don't stand up you know just
touring yeah well the acting thing is
fine if you love acting like this look I
was watching this show last night that
I'm addicted to the outside of this HBO
show I've heard of it I haven't seen oh
it's good when there's this one guy
plays the lead detective he's such a
good actor he's so good he's so good
that it makes you want to act it makes
you like oh god damn that would be a
good like acting with someone like that
where you it's a real craft like there's
a fucking dance that he's doing with
those people he's acting with I really
enjoy watching that and I'm like maybe
maybe I could do something like that
maybe I would be interested in doing
something like that because like there's
not like the the prejudice that I have
about actors is the because of the worst
ones that have worked with or the worst
ones that have met are the worst ones
that I've known that are just really
annoying and self-obsessed and they're
doing they're doing nonsense they're
like they're like terrible comedians but
they don't have punchlines you know
terrible comedians are all about
themselves and they just they dominate
every conversation talking about
themselves and what they're doing what
they want to do and how they're not
getting booked anywhere else because
these people don't like them because
they're fucking jealous cuz dude you
know they're people right you know I
just gotta just keep movin with those
people they'll stick to you like glue
they'll ugly cheese they just they just
start sucking blood out of you well
because they're always blaming other
people for their downfall yes it's like
well you know I'm not getting cuz this
person's gotta or I don't understand why
this person is doing it yeah I was here
way before them and I was like well
that's the problem yeah you had an
opportunity yeah that's a problem you
fucked something up and you don't want
to listen you don't want to listen and
something some of them are good at
taking advice but most of them are bad
most of them when you tell them this is
what you're doing wrong
yes not wrong yeah most people don't
want to hear their own issues you know
and because they haven't been saying it
to themselves like there's not a fucking
person on this planet that'll criticize
me harder than I criticize myself I do
not say well get up in the middle of the
night to take a piss and I'll be like
you fucking loser like your shit
together like I know I've done a lot of
crazy shit I know my life has been
pretty extraordinary in terms of like
amount of success that I've had I fuckin
I'm I'm still never happy never happy
with anything anything I've done
anything well you always can you better
oh wait that's why oh and the people
that like like I don't understand I hope
nobody takes this wrong way but I don't
understand how you could be in something
I don't care if it's comedy or working
wherever you and you haven't shown
progress yeah how do you stay in it how
do you stay how do you stay and what are
you doing wrong you just floating by
yeah how you're not getting better
they're not yeah but there's a lot of
people you know there's the people like
that in everything and I remember that
in pool there was people that never
develop the proper technique and I would
watch them play and I mean years and
years and like when I started I sucked
in the beginning and then there was
people that also sucked with me now
years later I became a good player and
those people stayed the same
yeah they still fucking say them put in
the work yeah so when I would want to
play with them they didn't wanna play
I'm like why don't you want to play they
like you too good I'm like what do you
mean I'm too good bitch we still I
started out after you like how come you
not any better like what's going on here
well what's going on is they didn't
really concentrate on evaluating what
they're doing and looking at it from
like a technical perspective looking at
it like in like your mechanics are your
mechanics off like the way your son hit
that golf ball he is already on this
crazy path where he understands physical
mechanics mm-hmm some people never get
it some people there's guys you go to
I'm sure I don't fall golf but I'm sure
if you went to a public golf course
there's guys right now that are 50 years
old they can't hit a ball that not like
that I've been playing their whole life
yeah they don't do it right yeah some
people just don't learn but I also
though I think in like I'm a fail fast
person like if I'm not good at something
I don't stay in it like I'm that's me I
feel oh yeah I felt how's that possible
because you learned and got way better
at stand-up well yeah but I didn't but I
did
okay my first couple - I was gonna get
myself three times I said if I go up
three times I did that was what I said
because I I'm from that mentality
fail-fast you know because I don't
invest time and something I don't think
that's gonna move forward for me you
know what I mean so I first time I did
stand-up was the Miami improv it went
well second night the I opened up for
the Wayans brothers well you were first
night you were already a radio
personality yeah in Miami so I had a
whole I was home team right and then
Wayans brothers they were in West Palm
Beach home team kind of and but after
the first time I got off stage I called
my mom and I was like this is what I was
born I love it so much
I'm at home I'll just be staring off in
the distance and my wife walked by I go
comedy like she knows because she's
talking to me I'm not hearing it and
that's how much I love it so much
because it's it's the only true art
where it's just you and the crowd and
what I love about it is the stage is not
prejudiced that's a it may be political
getting on that stage but once you're up
there it doesn't matter if you're funny
if you're funny
yeah and that's that's why I love it
because we're in the industry you know
we're what I do you get a lot of nose
man no no no you can't do it but to have
an outlet that same night to go up and
get 300 yeses yeah it just keeps you in
the game you don't need someone to
approve whether or not you get to work
yes yeah yeah like you don't have to eat
you don't have to get picked out of a
lineup of people that are trying to play
the part of Bob like are you reading for
Bob come on in here Michael so I see
you're a comedian and you were one on
the first season of Fear Factor okay
that's my credits thank you so you're in
Justin to Kelly in Fear Factor yeah
that's my two credits come on in and
okay you're you're reading for the part
of Bob remember bob is gay
did you know yes of course I do and
we're not playing it like okay we're not
yes think mayor Pete maybe I don't think
like the next-door neighbor on three
company well maybe some direction I mean
who's losing a famous gay character
sitcom oh willing grace right Oh jack
yeah just jack yeah yeah so I did it
right yeah if that's your example you do
it like that
well if I'm going off your the cast
injury I'm going off your cue so if you
say you how to do it don't they want to
see you like what your take on it is
yeah yeah but no they give a description
mmm okay so by your description Will and
Grace I did it right yes so nobody can
get mad okay
bob has PTSD okay um yeah he's he's
ready to rock and he's drunk ready go
[Laughter]
but I mean you're not you're way past
this level but you gotta admit I mean
comedy when you're up and coming is like
that too oh we have you're trying to get
stage time on these places you know so
you're really on auditions all the time
too yeah in a way you're also trying to
find your voice on stage yeah how you do
it yeah not totally sure just the right
way is that the right way how should I
be going on but that's also why it's so
exciting
no that's why I love it I love it and
there's also one of the things that's so
exciting about stand-up is there's
really no one way to do it you know like
if you play golf they're kind of one way
to do it right you learn how to do it
correctly I mean there's there's
variations same thing with pool same
thing even well not jiu-jitsu jiu-jitsu
pretty eclectic there's a lot of
different influences a lot of different
styles but with comedy man you could be
Steven right or you could be Chris Rock
yeah there's just a lot of dance was so
great about it it's the best yeah it's
the best I got the Comedy Store when all
these different what I love about the
Comedy Store and what I don't like about
LA people is they debate about spending
$30 on a lineup where the rest of the
country is spending fifty to a hundred
dollars for that one comic like that
just bloat that's how that's how the
people in LA are so just not thankful
there isn't that normal there's so much
different there
they say much tan yeah they take it for
granted like I mean when you have these
kid look I just did Salt Lake City and
wise guys
I love Salt Lake's Club oh my god dude
right yeah they have to I did one it was
my first time there I haven't I I did a
while ago but it's my first time really
there and man those people appreciate
every joke yep they appreciate the
experience where a lot of times I'll see
to me a comic crushing up there and
people on their phones people just yeah
they don't know I don't know I just
can't worry about that I know but I'm
I'm not on say I'm just I just they're
disrespecting I get mad when people
disrespect the craft like I'm so in it
like that it's like you should be paying
attention did I get angry at people
yeah you can't concentrate on them
though just gotta do yourself yeah it's
like your dumb friend who yells at the
crowd yeah I don't know same shit yeah
don't worry but but I'm in the back
watching so I don't like dude this I
need to be watching yeah well you're
definitely gonna get a lot of
self-absorbed people in this crowd you
get a lot of are you I find that more at
the improv not necessarily these days
cuz most the times I'm at the improv
it's my show yeah but I feel like that's
a more Hollywood crowd in some weird way
you know one of the things it's the
comic store it's really shocking how
many people come from not just out of
state but out of the country over here
I'll come to those lineups like I've run
into people all the time they're like
yeah we were doing comedy tourism we
flew in from Scotland I'm like what you
guys flew in from Scotland good hey yeah
yeah you motherfuckers won't come out
there so we came to you wow that's crazy
but I feel like right now comedians that
that are really killing it they're rock
stars dude like rock stars I just saw jo
koy sellout two shows at the Forum yeah
and I was there and when he walked out
it could have been Bruno Mars it could
have been like same applause same
everything and that's what I love is
that this industry right now is on fire
but the people leading it to and I like
I've only been in at nine years but
they're giving you know like what I
think that's new yeah oh nine years ago
when I started it was all about people
Baxter
talking shit about people now I think
podcasting has changed the game now
people are having I don't want to call
them cliques but you got your people you
know and those people that are in that
clique they help other people yeah and I
think it's that thing where with you
with Tom with bird with even to Leah
Theo von it's almost a British job in
Bryan Callen I think it's a thing where
people are like oh everybody can be
successful yeah it's not just one person
that has to be successful yeah a lot of
people can be successful yeah and you
get 350 million people in this fucking
country so I want all of them bitch
they're all for you well it's also -
there's a brotherhood in a sisterhood
yeah angst us and our friends that you
are dealing with a very small number of
people that are professionals at this on
earth like when you go to the comedy
store if I run into Anthony Jeselnik and
I give him a hug it's not just he's my
friend it's also he's one of maybe a
thousand people I came on earth yeah
maybe it's true maybe my and might not
even be a thousand it might be five
hundred like legit world-class
headliners that can sell out of theater
how many of those now I would say less
than yeah I mean but it's not even just
without sellout of theater I mean
there's a lot of people that can't like
my friend Owen Smith who I think is one
of the best stand-up comics on earth
he's so good he's so good I tell
everybody I'm like that guy he just
spent too much time writing on sitcoms
and on movies and people just didn't
know but when you go see him you know
he's working with me tomorrow night at
the improv or the second show he's a
murderer man he's like as good as any
comic alive as good as any comic alive
he's one of the best on earth what do
you think it is because you've reached
that that that the peak can continue to
grow but what do you think that when
you're a comic and all of a sudden you
just pop well I find out I think today
it's the Internet to get it today it's
the Internet like a YouTube video can
make you one YouTube video like Angela
Johnson that nailh bit that bit made her
ear yeah yeah yeah Russell Peters he got
famous off
YouTube clips people seeing his YouTube
clips and a lot like jo koy also it's
like hey our people are represented yeah
because like for a lot of time like who
the fuck was Indian that was a famous
comic nobody Russell comes along
hilarious Indian you know and make it
fun of all races and people like holy
shit yeah I and then it starts with that
and then like what I love about Joe it
started with Filipinos and now everybody
join it and I think like when I watched
Joe's journey it was like Chelle he was
already in full stride of like killing
it and staying up then he got Oh Chelsea
then at work when Adam Carolla so
everything kind of exposure like you
said I I today it's kind of like
American Idol there's a lot of Kelly
Clarkson's but Kelly Clarkson won the
first season of American Idol mm-hmm
Carrie Underwood won whatever say so
these are great singers
you just need exposure you know
exposures everything podcasts the
beautiful thing about podcasts is every
first of all comics unlike in the past
like say if you were the host of The
Tonight Show and you were Jay Leno and
then David Letterman was the host of his
show you guys weren't competition I
guess that shit's on the same time to
fuck him fuck you know everyone's
backstabbing like these two have deals
like if you would go on one of those
shows you couldn't go on the other show
oh maybe it's not as hardcore but yeah
yeah that's so dumb it's so dumb but I
had to do that back then because there
was only one host of The Tonight Show
and there was only one host of this show
and one host of that show I mean all
told that all the people on television
that did late-night talk shows there
might have been six six people and how
many comics were there hoping Jay Leno
had a heart attack so they could take
that spot hoping Conan O'Brien would
drop dead hoping hoping yeah right now
it's not like that anymore now everyone
can have a podcast and everybody does
each other's podcasts and everybody
tells everybody hey go see Michael yo
hey Jo koy hilarious hey i saw chris
d'elia thing on that murder and I saw
you know I saw Anthony Jeselnik crush it
in the main room and people loved it
they're happy that that other people are
successful
so you you see that to that that's only
happened in the last like three or four
years it's like I think it's about five
five years about five years yeah I think
it's all a part of this might be even a
little more than five years but the part
but the point is it's all part of this
transition to the internet because the
transition to the Internet is a
transition of opulence like this where
we're all blessed there's there's
abundance
there's no scarcity like they used to be
scarcity before it was like oh there's
only a few spots if you want to get a
sitcom you and I show up in the audition
room and I'm looking at you and you look
at me and we keep playing for Bob yeah
you gonna play gay are you gonna play
yeah yeah oh good luck with that choice
yeah each other and get weird there was
a lot of backstabbing weird shit in
those days and that stuff's gone you
know everybody's happy they see each
other and also they support each other
on the road they take each other places
like they do shows together and one of
the things that I realized early on you
know you make less money if you take
people on the road with you and you pay
for their flight you pay for their land
you pay for their meals you have so much
more fun it's way more fun man way more
fun it goes from being depressing like
I've done the road by myself and you're
sitting in the hotel room staring at the
fucking TV bored counting down the time
to show and then you're working with
some dick shit some ass fuck from
fucking Pittsburgh that sucks and just
like God's local guys terrible and you
call your friends bro where are you you
know I'm in Baltimore Oh use any good
though it sucks like yeah wish we were
doing a show together and and then I
realized somewhere along the line that I
for my own mental sanity I'd rather take
a pay cut and just take guys in the road
with me so I started doing that I was
doing that early on I was doing that
like the early 2000 so stayed with
people in the road with me and too much
to the it was a problem sometimes like
club owners were like we would like to
book the opening acts I'm like yeah yeah
like we want to use our local guys I'm
like I don't know them and then a lot of
those guys step on your material to like
say if you have a bit about your dad oh
yeah a bit that's real similar about
their dad yeah well it's a thing where
ever since I started like once I started
headlining
always brought my own people and yeah it
is a bit and I don't make close to the
money you make but it's it's a thing
where I know the investment it makes me
a lot better on stage because I know the
whole show from start to end is gonna be
good
oh yeah you know I've had horrible
experiences like I remember one time one
of my friends couldn't come and man host
is just I mean literally 20 minutes of
silence and then it's like alright
here's your headline this is angry angry
go up their money I think also just
being around the comics at the Laugh
Factory improv and Comedy Store it's a
thing where now people before it's like
oh if somebody crushes you know I don't
want them to crush but now people love
to go once they want to be a part of the
great show not be the only funny one and
the show you know it's so insecure that
not wanting anybody to be good here's
the thing just didn't you get into
comedy because you liked it yeah so
bring people that are funny dude I
brought Joey Diaz with me from the start
I know I had some rough shows early on
where I was like I gotta get better does
Joey be up there murdering then I'd go
up after oh so good you know but it made
me jealous I had to step it up yeah
but it's also like I wanted to laugh
like I want to have fun you know not
only did I bring Joey in the road with
me but this is during Joey's drug days I
brought a second opening act case Joey
didn't show up because Joey did instead
of not booking Joey mr. book and re so I
brought book re and Joey
so if Joey showed up great we have three
minutes so if Joey didn't show up got a
two-man show but I always had an opening
act that way Wow
did he ever not show up a couple times
okay not that many but it was always
touch-and-go
yeah he'll and sometimes you just leave
on Sunday I told you I'm can you say the
nicest human being I love on earth I
love him to death it's my brother
every time I see him man it's like yeah
yeah he's just so nice I love him I love
you so much and I love him and I've seen
him on his full journey you know I've
seen him from being this guy who's like
fresh out of jail was a fucking criminal
when I first met him
I could tell but I knew so many guys
like that from the pool hall and from
fight gyms and I was like oh look at
this real guy hanging around the family
store I'm like what's up man
and Joey and I we hit it off like that
like immediately like immediately and
then to see him transform to being one
of the best comics on earth it's uh it's
so satisfying to see him go and sell out
the Chicago theater Chicago theatres 37
other people he said that out like
instantly he's a murderer he's so good
it's so good no one no one on earth
makes me laugh harder there's a lot of
great comics out there but Joey's
special to me he's special and the thing
is nobody can duplicate what not at all
not at all no it's amazing but you know
it's also he's he's a product of the
Comedy Store like a real product of The
Comedy Store like that the freedom to
take chances and to be loose and wild
like that's that's where all that
stuff's from when you first met him was
he like that like on stage no he had to
learn how to be that way on stage off
stage he was hilarious though he would
hold court in the back I'll get the back
parking lot we'd all be hanging out back
there and Joey Diaz just be telling
stories we'd be falling down laughing
and he would be good on stage he would
do well but he would tighten up he would
worry about being cast in a movie you
you know that was always the thing like
he wanted to be in a movie or a show or
and you know that that kind of pressure
of worrying about people what people
care that's constricting and then
somewhere along the line he just stopped
giving a fuck he just stopped giving a
fuck and when he stopped giving a fuck
you just go up there and destroy and it
was a quick transition it was like he
went from being like kind of good doing
okay but really funny offstage to
figuring it out and if you ask him he
just stopped giving a fuck he just
realized he goes I realize all these
motherfuckers aren't gonna help me yeah
like they're not gonna help me fuck down
they're all idiots and they'd come and
go the agents would get fired and you
realize like I was like fucking thinking
mm-hmm and he figured it out you know
how long did it take you to get to that
point cuz I know like you were in acting
world and but when did you get to that
point well I started doing stand-up
first I did stand-up in 88 and I never
planned on acting I got in acting just
because of stand-up I did a MTV
half-hour comedy hour and from there
end up getting a development deal and I
want to being on a sitcom and I didn't
really like it and I was ready to quit
but I had already gotten a lease so I
was out here and I already had an
apartment yeah I was ready to go back to
New York like a hundred percent what
didn't you like about it I didn't like
the actors oh they're the actors on it I
didn't but now the actors on the show
some of them I was friends with I
enjoyed their company but there was a
bunch of ones that I met that I did not
like I didn't enjoy the circles I got to
go out with comm with actors rather go
out to dinner with them they'd bring
their friends like who's this fucking
liar you're bringing this crazy
egomaniac narcissist liar and we'll have
to sit here and have dinner with these
people they so many of them are so crazy
and again this is low-level people
trying to get into acting like open my
curse
if you go to open mics you'll see the
occasional Jam like wow that guy is
probably gonna make it and then you'll
see oh this person's fucking crazy
there's hanging around this industry and
you got that with acting too and I just
I didn't like it I didn't and I also
didn't like the whole thing of needing
people the auditioning thing that you
would get in LA would develop a type of
person that was just like very guarded
and fake and very they were trying to
project what they wanted you to see
rather than be who they were
I enjoyed New York I enjoyed Boston I
enjoyed the East Coast it was just those
are my people so I didn't like it but I
had a lease so I stayed and so then I
got on this news radio show and I was on
that for five years and then after that
was over okay I'm done with this acting
shit okay so would you say is that the
time where you're like oh I tried a
little bit after that I did a little bit
of it I did I did some auditions and I
got a couple of development deals to do
my own show but they were terrible and
then Fear Factor came along I was like
oh this makes sense
I'll do that did you like it the whole
time or no no no but it was money
there's my crazy money yeah it was also
it was the biggest show in the like in
the u.s. at that time - at one point
time it was yeah and we did 148 episodes
there was so many episodes and then we
came back and did six more it was it was
a good way to make money and not need
need Hollywood anymore and that's when I
really realized that I act anymore that
was where it was right the only thing I
acted at all after that was my friend
Kevin James
he's just cuz he asked me to and we got
ease I did zookeeper and here comes the
boom but I only did them for fun because
I was his friend and and then podcasting
and when podcasting came along then I
was like in the beginning was just fun
like I didn't realize what was even
going on until many years in I was at
the Chicago theater the same place I was
talking about where Joey sold out and I
was gonna bring something up and I go I
go so this happen
how many guys listen to the podcast
anyway yeah I was like whoa like I did
not expect that I didn't I don't pay
attention to the numbers so I didn't
know how many people what download how
many years in was this other pocket
three or four four four four so six
years ago and I was like holy shit cuz
for those years in the beginning it was
nonsense first of all we'd get barbecued
out of our fucking minds we're half the
time I didn't know what I was saying
while saying it was a real problem um
you know we didn't take it seriously
didn't think people were listening
it was a fun silly way to get really
fucked up and talk with friends and no
one was thinking it was it was like
comedy in the early days yeah no one was
thinking this is a curse it's almost
like in a green room you're just talking
you're just fun yeah I enjoy people I do
I enjoy talking to people I like hearing
how people think I like hearing people's
perspectives and so the beginning it was
like a lot of that just hanging out and
making each other laugh and talk to shit
and saying silly things and then that
one day I'll never forget how many
people listened in the podcast not roar
and I got nervous I was like oh no like
what is this like what's happening here
like then I started thinking like oh
this is like a major part of my life a
major part of my career and I wasn't
even realizing it was so there's like
four years in Wow yeah
and then I started getting guests that's
when I started getting guests on like
somewhere around four years and I
started getting guests and then like all
these different people come on but no
don't ask people to be on it and then
people who had heard about it and they'd
be on and some people still
a podcast like what are you doing yeah
like a radio show on the Internet
like who's listening like yeah that's
not so many people and then it just
became what it is now but it became what
it is now I'm just like it had a mind of
its own man
and I really think that sometimes I
really think that I know that sounds
really stupid because for sure I keep
showing up but for sure I pay attention
for sure I try hard and for sure I work
at it but I think his things like it
wanted to be made mm-hmm it sounds crazy
but no I get you I get it needed it like
you not even know if it needed it it's
like there was a place there was a spot
that was open and that spot was open for
like honest conversation open-minded
conversation and an inquisitive
conversation and letting people explain
things over long periods of time and
then some of those people just like
Brian Greene who was a physicist who I
had on the other day I have to listen to
his podcast two or three times just to
try to really grasp what he was saying
mm-hmm that happens all the time
talk to brilliant people you know Aubrey
de Grey was on yesterday who's an expert
in anti-aging technologies so we were
talking about all this stuff and I'm
just thinking like Here I am talking
this guy spends his entire life trying
to extend people's lifespan to five
hundred plus years and he's in the
middle of this right now and he's
running this Institute in Northern
California that's designed or does
designing all these different specific
methods of extending life and they're
experimenting and doing all these
different things and raising money and
like this such a weird path I've gotten
on but does he really think he can do it
oh yeah he can do it 500 years yeah
they're on they're on the road to that
yeah with stem cells and a bunch of the
different biologics that they're
experimenting with and all sorts of
different and as the technology
increases and grows and then CRISPR
which is a gene editing tool and a lot
of the other things that they're
probably going to invent over the next
three or five three to five years he
believes is gonna be some giant
breakthroughs see that's legitimate so
is it more of the the benefit is the
generations like the like two
generations after us are gonna benefit
heavily no I think we're gonna benefit
from it you think so it
regenerative regenerative rather meaning
you're literally gonna not just stop
aging it's gonna regenerate to the point
where it's gonna let your biological age
even though your physical age your
calendar age is sustained the same
you're gonna keep getting older that way
you but your biological age it's gonna
go backwards yeah because what they're
doing as a treating they're treating
aging like a disease they're not okay
they're not treating it like an
inevitable aspect of life they treat
well they're like well what's causing
aging well breakdown of the body due to
normal stresses and just overall use but
okay well what is the difference between
someone who's five or six versus someone
who's 50 or 60 well the body's ability
to regenerate tissue about body's
ability to recover and you know all
these different things that are going on
inside the cells and what what causes
that like what is the mitochondria what
it would how does how do we get that to
function embarrass NAB this stuff yeah
hundred percent that's one aspect of it
yeah that nad is one piece in an agenda
MoDOT mandala of different different
methodologies and they're they're gonna
they're gonna be able to come up look
just think about what they can do now
versus what they could do 50 years ago
50 years ago if you blew your knee out
you were fucked yeah you were fucked my
friend Steve Graham the good buddy mind
he used to be on the US Ski Team and his
knees are destroyed he was on a ski team
in 80s and they cut him open like a fish
giant scars up and down the sides of his
legs and they had a stitch things
together and bolt things down and it's
just a mess in there just a fat mess and
nowadays I mean both of my knees been
reconstructed yeah I have two
reconstructed ACLs they work great you
know there's no issues I mean I can do
literally everything I do yoga kickbox
different things with reconstruction
knees and I mean have you seen the way I
kick a heavy bag there's an enormous
amount of force that's on those knees no
problem at all and when you think about
what they're going to be able to do
50 years from now they're gonna make you
an 18 year old you're gonna be able to
regenerate tissue all the things that
are happening to people's disks where
they get degenerative disc disease which
I have which your disc gets smaller and
actually your your spinal calls actually
compacted more and you have to like try
to mitigate that with spinal
decompression a bunch of different
things they can be able to inject stem
cells into that it's gonna read regrowth
or they're already showing that right
yeah yeah yeah we're on the verge but my
point is like how the fuck did I wind up
talking to these people what how does
you know I didn't really pay much
attention in school how am I talking to
these people
how did this however always happen how
are presidential candidates coming to me
trying to get on the podcast so I can
help them spread their message like what
the fuck happened I mean I really feel
like it sounds like wacky woo woo but
there was eye opening in the universe it
was like an opening and somehow or
another I was the one who step through
that opening and I'd even know I was
doing it while I was doing it and this
thing the seeds were planted and this
thing just grew and then I became
responsible for taking care of it well
yeah I think because you did it started
out organic to 100% you didn't started
saying I'm gonna do this because I know
ambition yeah zero that's also a big
problem with other people that are
trying to start podcast so I got a
conversation when Jon Lovitz about it's
like you know nobody wants to pay me me
me any money to do it I go they're not
gonna pay you in money if they don't
make any money and he goes well they
should just pay money that way they can
do it it'll be good I was like okay he's
telling me you have a podcast network I
go no I don't yes you do put me in your
network John I don't have a network I do
not have a network I had explained to
him but his his thing was that somebody
wanted him to do a podcast but I didn't
want to pay him they didn't want to pay
him what he felt he should get paid for
a podcast I'm like they're not gonna
make any money until it's successful
yeah the only way it's gonna be
successful is if you do it yeah and 99%
of them aren't successful but yeah
there's so many of them
yeah there's 900,000 podcasts there's
300 and what
thirty forty fifty million people so
what does that mean that means like one
out of every three hundred people as a
fucking podcast
yeah is that real yeah that's great yeah
sounds right that's crazy
wait there's nine hundred thousand
podcast yeah that's crazy
I mean they're international ones too
but yeah yeah for sure that sounds
pretty close to right it's even let's
cut out let's cut it in half because of
international okay so let's say one out
of every six yeah it was 500 one out of
500 people has it that's how crazy is
now saying I was insane I know that is
probably accurate my wife's friends have
podcasts I got stopped by a black lady
at an airport 80 years old she goes I
saw your podcast it's just amazing the
range yeah I'm like how do you like I
cuz you know me I'm expecting a certain
person like I just really old guy come
up to me in a restaurant and he looked
like he was deep in his 80s and it was
just I just really want you to know I
enjoy your program is like a very
thoughtful program and you really you
have an interesting way of looking at
things I was like you you watch it Wow
yeah yeah I want to ask you about and
this maybe I'll talk about the Dante
Wilder excuse he came out with yes today
what he's unfortunate do you do you
think is there any validity to that if
there's look I put up do you know what a
it's called a was it called Atlas PAC
yes I put Atlas pack on my back all the
time and I put a 45-pound plate on who
so it's about 55 pounds and I go hiking
through the hills and after I could
still do whatever the fuck I want okay
and I'm just Joe Rogan I'm not on tape
fucking Wilder the idea that Deontay
Wilder with a 40-pound outfit on that it
killed his legs walking to the ring
that's crazy talk I don't understand why
he would say that I mean maybe it's true
if it's true he said he had it on like
20 minutes before or 15 minutes before
he went out it's possible look it's
possible the dead tired him out it's
possible see
I'm not like I'm no fight expert or
anything so I just don't know if there's
validity in it well who the fuck would
let him put that on if that was that
heavy that it was 40 pounds and it got
to the point where it actually wore his
body out as he was walking to the ring
well he tried it on the night before
they said and he liked it so he's like
I'm aware well he makes the decisions it
was his yeah that's a crazy decision no
that's not what happened no I mean it
might have war I mean you just got beat
up
it might wore him out but the real big
thing happened in the third round mmm
when Tyson Fury he he put that jab in
his face and hit him with that beautiful
overhand right right on the ear and
dropped him equilibrium went off after
that is that calls equal yeah hundred
percent okay because he was he was
bleeding out of his area so that's a
significant injury it could be a
ruptured eardrum when you get hit on the
ear like that like a lot of times your
eardrum ruptures happens all the time
and when that happens you don't know how
to stand up right your body is all wacky
it's not moving correctly and that's
what it looked like with him and that's
what I was saying when I was watching it
I was like his equilibrium soft I'll go
this what's going on then eventually the
commentator said it as well but his his
legs weren't under him but also he was
getting bombed on oh yeah who's getting
bombed on and Tyson Fury was hanging on
him he would wrap his arm around his
head and lean on him with that 270
pounds so he's carrying all that shit to
like an Tyson Fury did something that
had never been done before and then he
bullied Deontay Wilder he got on and he
came in heavy and a lot of people
thought he came in too heavy but I think
one of the reasons why he came in heavy
is this is part of the strategy
he went to what's up you got something
did not have a broken ear German
parently a minor laceration to his ear
Wilder did not have a broken jaw someone
speculate nor did he have a broken
eardrum he had a two centimeter cut on
his ear that took seven stitches to
close defeat the Fuhrer was the first a
wireless professional career that's
interesting so even though he didn't
have a ruptured eardrum he still took a
significant shot to the ear which often
times fuck's up your equilibrium
and any shot to the temple to the ear a
lot of times it fuck's up your balance
but look he got bombed on oh yeah
and he entice and fury figured something
out in the first fight that in the
twelfth round
Deonte did not like it when he came
after him he said he doesn't fight well
backing up he's awkward on his feet and
so instead of letting Deonte come to him
and he was boxing like he did for most
of the first fight he fought the second
fight the way he fought him in the
second in the twelfth round he became it
just get glued to his face run right
after him hit him on the right hand and
he bullied the bully you know and you
know I don't mean Deonte is a bully like
in a bad way I mean he's that his style
is he's very aggressive he said one of
the most ruthless punching knockout
artists in the history of sport if not
the number one I mean the guy has 42
knockouts which is insane like his
really good time that maybe has 41 40
I think he's got 41 knockouts 42 wins
one by decision and one draw and now he
has one loss Tyson had less Titan went
to the decision with a lot of people
okay you know whence a decision with
Mitch blood green went to decision with
I mean you can go down the list there
was a lot of people Tyson obviously one
of the Great's and obviously a brutal
knockout artist but Deontay Wilder has
that touch of death it's crazy I mean he
dropped Tyson Fury twice in their first
fight and the 12th round it looked like
he was fucked but do you think they
should have stopped it at 7 or earlier I
think it's better for his life and his
career they stopped it he wasn't gonna
come back I don't think he's gonna come
back he's getting fucked up and Tyson
Fury was gonna not gonna stop punching
him in the head either he was gonna keep
doing it Tyson was pure and clean and
literally unharmed and looked fantastic
I mean he'd been hit a couple of times
but no problems yeah there was nothing
that rocked him nothing that hurt him
you know a few punches bounced off of
him but he was puttin it on Deontay
Wilder I mean he was putting it on yeah
if that is true that he had it on for 20
minutes and that it really wore him out
that's it that's exceptionally silly on
the part of his management tool
to happen that someone didn't see that
that his trainer didn't see that it
didn't recognize that that was gonna be
a big problem because I'm getting
calculated well I I think he just threw
it on the night before and goes up feels
good didn't really think I'm gonna be in
this thing for close to thirty five
minutes before I get on you know he has
to be back there twenty minutes then the
walk-up is like three or four minutes
and then you'd walk him into the ring he
got carried around while you're walking
in the room yeah yeah you know that's
good point it had an effect
I guarantee would have an effect but it
uestion is would it have enough of an
effect that it would fuck his legs up to
the point where he couldn't recover
maybe maybe it's valid the only the only
comparison I have it like I said I know
nothing about boxing but if I hope my
son is thirty-five pounds
I'll hold him for like ten minutes I'm
tired right baby but I'm not a
professional boxer your arms are tired
would you be tired now my kid might not
know Veniero's eighty pounds I walk
around Disneyland with her on my
shoulders yeah I can you know I could
see but then again I'm not fighting
after we I could see it having an effect
how much of an effect is the question
it's just silly that they let him do it
I mean if I pick that thing up and I was
his trainer be hey hey hey feel this now
think about how long we gonna have this
huh fuck this mm-hmm let's just go out
there norm on me guarantee you next time
seem he's gonna be dressed like Tyson
yeah just come out in the truck yeah
just trunks a fucking small towel around
his neck like Tyson used to do that was
so but that was so intimidating the way
that dude just came knocks he just came
in like what let's do this and just
storm towards that rain you would see
death coming down that I like oh my god
what if I signed up for and would I read
a Tyson's book and I interviews like man
I was like yes so he was scared yeah
every time I walked in a ring he was
petrified yeah it looked like it man
well once he got in there he you know he
put himself into the position that he's
been many many many times just that he
was the destroyer but all the lead-up to
I mean anticipation fucks with
everybody's head yeah I think Deonte
would be better than ever for the next
fight the question is if Tyson Fury
fights in that same way and stays on him
can he beat that Tyson Fury
because Tyson Fury was just boxing his
face
who if when this does have it who would
you pick out the gate on this one you
have to pick Tyson Fury yeah cuz I think
he won the first fight
Deonte knocked him down twice but not
only did he knock him down in the 12th
round but Tyson Fury came back and won
the remainder of that round so you could
almost give that round a draw and then
the other round when he knocked him down
you got to give the Deontay Wilder the
remaining ten rounds are not in dispute
the remaining ten rounds went to Tyson
Fury so if you just look at it on paper
he should won that fight although most
people weren't upset with the decision
because Deonte almost had them out and
it's like it's exciting let's do a
rematch no big deal but then in the
rematch Tyson Fury just took the judges
out of the fucking equation that was
bombed on them it's really unfortunate
that there is a question of whether or
not that big stupid suit was wearing his
legs out because if that really is the
case that bums me out man
that's what he said but I was thinking
it was a joke until you told me that it
was like he wore it for 20 minutes then
I was like home yeah
well that would be different that's
different that's real weight you know
just put it on you walked out there for
30 seconds yeah this 40-pound thing on
yeah well I wouldn't advise it
no yeah it's not good but he had it on
for at least 30 minutes I was if I'm
guessing from the walking he said he had
it on 20 minutes before the fight he had
to do the walk up he had to give him a
ring in it yeah and he said when he took
it off he knew that was the game-changer
he got to thank Deontay Wilder coming
into that fight has flatlined every
single opponent he's faced except for
Tyson Fury Stu Verne he didn't flatline
him in the first fight he's beat him by
decision beat the shit out of him but in
the second fight he fucking murked him
so he was probably thinking he could
murk anybody he always do is to touch
him the way he did with Luis Ortiz same
thing in the first fight had a tough
first fight with him second fight mercs
him with one punch I think he just had
this thing in his head that that's what
he does and he's going to do that to
Tyson Fury too and he never believed
that Tyson Fury was actually gonna fight
that way there's gonna jump on him
mm-hmm
Tyson said he was gonna do I know but I
told him the game playing like
I'm telling after you really said you
don't believe a word you're saying
that's what he said he believes it now
he believes it now I'm real excited I'm
excited I'm excited for the third one
well they were talking about him
fighting Anthony Joshua Tyson Fury
fightin Anthony Joshua first and if that
does happen I think he beats Anthony
Joshua I think Tyson Fury is the best
heavyweight on earth and I do and I
think the only person that could beat
him is probably Wilder if Wilder can
recreate the success of the first fight
and catch him do you think fights are
because I remember like after Tyson stop
boxing or after you know he lost I kind
of lost a lot of interest in it because
I grew up with like Sugar Ray Tommy
Hearns and Marvelous Marvin Hagler and I
felt like I don't see fights like that
anymore well they're they're possible
today I mean but you used to see him all
the time an Apache amazing fight anytime
Terence Crawford fights I'm in I love
that guy but don't you admit phenomenal
back then it seemed like every fight was
a great fight or is that just getting
older reminiscent yeah there's some
great fighters now Earl Spence tune yer
of Vasili Loma chenko I mean it's a
great time for boxing so yeah really
great friend
Lucic is now a heavyweight it's a great
time for boxing yes and before you crowd
jumps on me like I don't know anything
about boxing so I'm not saying anything
because I I'm not a boxing expert I know
I know some stuff about boxing cuz I'm a
fan but it's not like MMA like if
someone wants to talk to me about MMA I
can give you very educated mm-hmm you
know opinions on things and I can
dissect things with boxing I have some
opinions but you know there's other
people that are better at it yeah yeah
it's a good time though I like it I'll
get into it then I'll get into it man no
I'll let you know when something bigs
happen when there's a big one you know
we do this fight companion I saw her
yeah for UFC fights we should do some of
them for boxing we've only done it for
glory for kickboxing and we've done you
should do a boxing one I know we should
shit on it for that fight we want to
went crazy we would know what fucking
crazy
that was a wildly knocking down the
third round I screamed
everybody in my house was like what the
fuck is going on I know it's I I I think
they should have stopped it in the fifth
or sixth a could have done that too yeah
but just he's Deontay Wilder make one
point one punch he could a one swing in
right hand and next thing you know Tyson
Fury's got a flashlight in his face you
can't believe it what huh it's over what
happened
that's what Deonte does to people when
he hit Luis Ortiz and the spray of sweat
flew off his face and Ortiz crumbled and
you know this look in his eyes like what
just happened that is here by God
lightning bolt says true that a
lightning bolt come out of the sky like
people can't believe how hard he hits
but the key to Tyson Fury's victories he
didn't let him hit him just jumped on
him and Tyson Fury has a unique style
like that big motherfucker he's six nine
he's so big so big it's so long and he's
such a good boxer man no one in the
heavyweight division has that kind of
head movement oh he's such a character
yeah it says he jerked off seven times a
day to build his testosterone did you
see that no see you say he's gonna wanna
settle gypsy Lube he's got his own Lube
that he beats off with he says beating
off seven times a day increases his
testosterone I don't know I don't know
if there's facts behind that I don't
know that might be conjecture hey where
was that special that I saw of you you
have a special oh yeah yeah yeah it's on
Amazon Prime blasian that's what it's
called it's called blasian and what's
crazy is it came out probably about
eight months last time I was on here but
they just released it on DVD so my mom
thinks I made it last week
on DVD at Best Buy and Target and my mom
saw it at Target that's hilarious your
mom still buys DVDs yeah I was like who
buys DVDs and you know comedy dynamics
was like yeah a company wanted to put it
out so I was like all right cool but
what out but the main thing is I'm gonna
be in New York I got this new tour new
material I'm exhausted
that's what it's called it talks about
my two kids the family all the things
going on in the world and I'm at Gotham
comedy club
March 7th and
that yeah it's the diapers in the
bottles now man
is that March it's I think it's March
seventh day I'll put the wrong date on
there but March 7th and 8th fix that
shit I am I am you put the wrong date on
the fucking bag oh my goodness on the
largest podcast in the world March 7th
and 8th 7th and 8th Gotham comedy gonna
try buy tickets for the 6th and they're
like what maybe they could squeeze you
on 6 - no no it's my son's birthday I
gotta be there probably why you
subliminally accidentally put that do
thinking about that number
oh man I can't miss my son's brain oh no
of course not so Michael yo.com for dick
beautiful so this special that's on
Amazon like why did they release it now
on DVD
they said comedy dynamics I guess
there's a DVD company that invests in a
couple specials a year and for some
reason they vested in mine and thought
it could do well so and I was like who
buys DVDs and they go oh it's about
three billion dollars a year still whoa
yeah and I'm like okay I'll but most of
those like action movies and shit buys
DVD people live I don't have a damn that
sucks yeah where's that though rural
America whoo even rural America has
internet and if you have a satellite the
people at satellite you can't really
stream Netflix and stuff with satellite
unless you have really good satelite
like how good is good satellite now
that's the red box and like man told
blockbusters hang in there that's like
the original oh yeah they got rid of
that no no no I guarantee that no they
got rid of I know people that do it use
it they got rid of it I get look at are
you just guessing no I know I I thought
I read an article that said they got rid
of that like five years like three or
four years ago no I haven't
why would look hey give the DVD if you
want but I just don't know one person
like my mom didn't even buy my DVD that
movies delivered right to your mailbox
free shipping no late fees is that net
yeah DVD combo
Netflix calm wow that's crazy so it
mixing it in there so the the two facts
they said comedy dynamic so it's about
three billion dollars a year in Aquaman
made seventeen million dollars off of
DVDs whoa right really yes a bunch of
ladies finger blast themselves to Jayson
Benoit as this pausing it's the most
paused movie ever it abre
they just pause it when it's flexing
nobody ever finishes the movie that's
the most-watched to movie with a
vibrator have you guys li 212 million
DVD blu-ray and rentals account for once
only three point one point three four
percent of Netflix revenue Wow two point
seven million subscribers as of last
year they made 212 million just from
DVDs last year and that's just Netflix
just wait winning that's just great
that's not even Tony that's running yeah
yeah there's money you better Hey Joe
you better put out a DVD quick yeah
middle America Netflix don't want if
they put my shit on DVD I'm sure you can
read a girder strange times on DVDs I
don't know yeah it's some people are
still doing it but I think well that's
one thing that I am curious about though
like what's the best satellite downloads
you can get like what's the satellite
download like if you're in the middle of
the country you can get satellite
internet when the upload is terrible but
that's definitely now everybody has good
internet
Elon trying to fix that problem with
yeah he's filling the sky above junk
anamur amateur astronomers getting
pissed they think they're seeing UFOs
just elan satellites what is um have you
ever had a test or do you have a test
yeah you let it drive yourself on the
highway I hit it but I keep my hand the
steering okay I love it
I never didn't worry no I know it's
amazing but my friend was like yeah man
I had a Late Show in San Diego and I
just let it drive me home I had my hands
on the wheel but I wasn't really paying
attention I was like that's not crazy
that's correct
I pay attention but if you are kind of
tired it's a good way to just chill out
put your hand on the wheel and just let
the car do most of the work does a lot
of the work so it changes lanes it's
already yeah it'll change lanes will do
everything yeah you just put in your
address and even when you get to the
normal streets it'll turn and all that
stuff there's a thing that you can get
that I got that haven't used that's like
some new higher level version of auto
drive I haven't done that and I don't
necessarily know what that does
specifically different than motor I had
before but it was a new update it was
like four grand so I was like all right
let's see Aeon showmen yet no first of
all I told Alon I was gonna buy one of
those things because he came on the
podcast he was telling me about it I was
like alright I'll get one I'll get one
and I got it and he was right it's the
most amazing car I've ever driven most
amazing car I've ever driven by far did
you get the SUV or the car I got the car
okay I got the model SP 100 d which is
like the top of the food chain okay S
series yes four doors rims everything
dude it's so fast it's so fast it
doesn't even make sense you you hit the
gas it's like you you know there's no
gas you hit the accelerator you hit that
electricity and you're gone hey that
juice you hit the juice and you are on a
roller coaster ride
it just pins you silent completely
silent you like holy fuck there's a holy
fuck moment where I take people in my
car and I stomp on the gas I'm like you
ready like I took Tim Dylan I drove him
from The Improv the other night and he
got my car you ready he goes yeah I go
what the fuck man is that for seconds is
that that boost ludicrous mode ludicrous
mode 0.4 seconds zero to 60 is insanity
it's so fast it's so fast but that's
only part of the car the other thing is
the comfort it's beautiful it's so
smooth and so easy to drive and the
dashboard once you get used to having
this fucking huge like bigger than any
iPad yeah as you say your main
navigation screen that navigation is way
better and the voice prompts like you
can say that like say you
you want to talk about a restaurant like
like Felix is my favorite restaurant LOX
at Los Angeles in Venice I'll say
navigate to Felix restaurant in Venice
an otoscope and just show you on the
thing and like all the sudden is there
only gets so the voice commands are so
good and it'll just take you there and
it'll take you on autopilot if you want
and it's it's fucking madness you're
living in the future in was LA I my dad
you know he's a nuclear physicist and he
goes you will never see I mean you'll
see the 30 the 44 years I've lived the
technology we've seen from not being
around to being around yeah he goes
they'll improve it it'll get better
but all the stuff that was made in that
short amount of time
that you didn't have the Internet yeah
cellphones you know you'll never see
that again in a while but it'll be
better it'll always get better like you
now you have cars that drive themselves
new things you know it's crazy man just
to think about like because my dad they
had a car same type of car just went a
little bit faster
they added a CD or a 8-track little bits
a little bit of right oh now to see the
player yeah Oh to take play you know but
still a car we go from that to all cars
gonna drive self yeah well they have a
new Tesla coming out the Tesla Roadster
that's one point nine seconds zero to 60
top speed of 250 miles an hour and the
range is 600 miles
so go 600 miles now getting recharged
and it looks dope as fuck it looks like
a little spaceship like a little
spaceship fucked a Ferrari it's the
dopest looking car on the road it's not
on the road yet they're still developing
it I want it like my thing is not speed
like I could care less about speed like
yesterday I was literally driving I was
like wow I'm flying I was going 58 miles
per hour
like I'm not about speed at all slide
but I am about like I don't ever want to
go to the gas station again so I'm
thinking about it in the future to get a
Tesla or some type of car that where is
your house have a little plugged oh yeah
we yeah
house came with it you know that one are
you into the solar thing yet on the on
the top of the roof yeah where you yeah
well my house right now the I was gonna
get Tesla panels yeah but I can't get
Tesla panels on my roof cuz the pitch of
my roof but I'm getting them on the side
of the okay yeah where the lawn is the
don't completely open grid
yes okay well what if the shit hits the
fan son no no you want to keep that
refrigerator running you know you don't
want to have to fucking try to kill a
squirrel in your neighborhoods and you
know what it's not I mean look it's a
lot of money but it's not as much as you
think not to like my friend just did a
roof for like 50 grand you know and
he'll never have to pay for electricity
yeah and you actually sometimes get
money back from yeah remove the grid
it's uh it's a unique time one of the
things that Tesla or Elon is doing
that's really intriguing to me that I'm
have guarded skepticism not guard its
guarded optimism I should say is
neuro-link do you know about that I've
heard it I heard the podcast when he was
talking or I've heard something about
him but I gonna drill holes in people's
heads and put wires in there yeah
what no I'm not for that what what is
that where's that gonna go if that gets
implement and it will where is you know
isn't it you're supposed to be able to
like if you think about some it's almost
like a computer you'll see it yes be
able to download yes you'll be able to
access information much quicker it'll
increase your bandwidth access
information I don't totally understand
it I've had to explain to me multiple
times but I'm fucking stupid so it
doesn't all get in there but what I'm
thinking is go back to the iPhone one
right and then think about how clunky
that little piece of shit is and that
was only ten years ago now look at your
iPhone whatever that is or this one this
is 11 yeah I got a letter too they're
fucking amazing
yeah they're amazing but but but like
it's not gonna get any better there'll
be more features but it's not gonna get
any better well it's way better in terms
of its ability to download things yes
like that and then like step a step
better how about this the new Samsung
phones there's a Samsung Galaxy S 20
asked as 20 ultra that's just about to
come out it has five G so the
speeds are spectacular for the internet
where five g's available and it has a
108 108 megapixel camera that's insane
but a hundred times a hundred
zoom hundred so that means like you
could see some shit that's a hundred
times smaller than what you'd be able to
see normally okay but why do we need
that why do you not need a grandpa but
why do you need we need horses horse
freedom hey but what do you have treat
it well and we have a wonderful
relationship that for them what are you
gonna take a picture of that you need to
zoom that I can't see with one zoom damn
okay like how about you some shit is
going down how much you're at the Comedy
Store you see a fist fight down the
street and like these two people are
beating the fuck of each other
oh my god zoom the shit in okay and you
can film it okay from way way way far
away reason to have as many megapixels
you have now it's not it's fine it's not
right for modes now no it's not now a
picture that I have in the bathroom of
the hooker with hurt it out no I've
never been to your bathroom oh there's a
picture in the bathroom that I took when
I had a flip phone when I was filming
fear factor we were in downtown LA and
this lady was walking by she was eating
a meatball sub she has a wig on in
sunglasses it's like I its Lydia's like
I hired her to pose for this picture
because it's so perfect and she pulls
her tit out she goes you want some of
this baby and I just snap a picture of
it she smiled and she took off and then
that picture I put it online in text
America which eventually became what
Instagram is today and then we found it
online got sent it to a printer and it
blown up and now it's a framed picture
and you would swear I hired someone it's
perfectly framed there's like a fucking
18-wheeler behind this lady she's
walking with a meatball sub with her tit
out I took that a little one megapixel
camera
it's perfect it's pretty good okay so
why do you need a hundred of them this
is better this is the concept of the
neural link potential app I suppose
always an app that they they don't
really know I don't think this is just
like a concept but it what people linked
on here is that a little menu pops up
and it says learn skills as though
you're in the matrix like maybe download
a skill or upload a skill to your brain
and now you can the problem with that is
everybody that's that's the problem
that's the problem
- no that's the problem then everybody
can do things they don't put any work
into you take me that's great yeah just
fucking fly across the country you don't
even have to traverse though no place
where my sister after she's died okay
let me put it like this did anybody can
do stand-up comedy no you can't well if
you have a sport you ain't teaching
people shit creatively artistically good
look I think you could teach people how
to be Dave Chappelle no no chance no but
you can't with that but I still do it
that's gonna be good for us cuz that all
that shit they still can't do that
that's true good luck bitch gotta put in
those numbers but what that can do is
help you download information I don't
know what that is gonna be but I know
Elon Musk is way smarter than us well it
happen in our lifetime yes I think so
well you will you do it I'm not gonna be
an early adopter yeah it's like people
that got the first fake tits those
ladies got cancer
yeah yeah I'm saying do you know girls
getting butt cancer now are they really
from fake butts I didn't know that yeah
I know I know some botched butt cancer
yeah yeah they were the one that I was
watching a clip off a botch the other
day this girl had a fake butt and they
were just trying to fix it and it's just
this disaster this poor lady they it was
just it's just like the surface the moon
was just all dented in fucked up and you
know what it is it's the Kardashians man
they've ruined it it's well I think it's
I think it's every every generation or
even century you can go back to the old
days where the most of the the body
that's hardest to get is the most
popular body Kings were fat because they
had a lot of food right peasants weren't
but they won
to be fat right because it showed a sign
of money yes and then it was I believe
the 50s it was all about rail-thin no
but no boobs just rail and then because
that was hard to obtain
you know because most people aren't born
like that now the Kardashians it takes
money I guess for a lot of women to
achieve that and money in money the
amount of money where you don't have the
disposable income to do it right so not
a lot of people can do it so it seems
like the most popular body for women is
the body's the hardest to obtain it's
never like a normal body is beautiful
it's always like no we need very large
butts well it's also what you see in
media right that's why a lot of women
thought that it would be really good to
be rail-thin because they saw models
because designers closing clothing
designers like models to be real thin
because then they're like a hanger like
there's no weird big tits and big ass
that makes wear clothing not stand out
that's just about the hanger but what
change because it's still like that as
far as my yeah with model clothing what
clothing so what changed what changed is
social media yeah social media there's a
lot of but girls that are just online I
had a proud moment the other day my
nine-year-old we're at a restaurant this
lady walked by and my nine-year-old she
pulls that meat she goes daddy
she's got diaper but cuz that's what I
call it I call it diaper but when those
girls get fake butts because it looks
like they were wearing a full diaper he
doesn't fit your legs that doesn't look
normal but she goes daddy she's got
diaper but I was like yes that's what it
is it's diaper but it looks like a
diaper their legs are really skinny so
crazy because giant dump in your diaper
like you just shit your pants and he's
just walking around waiting to get home
it's a mess but you're right though it's
unobtainable on up typical to obtain
yeah it's also completely exaggerated
right like giant tits small waist
enormous ass giant lips yeah that's the
saddest one cuz that doesn't work no you
look like a fish oh the lip one is such
a bad move and you're you're ruining the
thing you kiss with it's like your
fucking lips what what is
than that guys do though that I I can't
I was thinking like as if guys did have
like big dick implants there were all
every guy we're doing a dick stretched
out but guys can't have even toupees
those guys can't have like if a guy has
like fake eyebrows girls like what a guy
who fake lips imagine of a guy got us in
the gay community to do it though
yeah yeah yeah there's certain silly gay
guys that get their lips done I've seen
gay guys you're talking to him it's like
super distracting like just okay so they
do with uh okay lip injections yeah
they're doing the same thing that a lot
of women are doing but the it's just the
lips are weird because I think people
saw that the tits worked and no one
cared like obviously you see a lot of
girls with fake tits and no one seems to
mind
and guys think it's kind of but it did
they did mine the first like three or
four everybody would have kind of make
fun of him but now it's like it's so
it's acceptable now what do you play
music what are you doing well there's
this video that's been going around I
was gonna ask if this is like a new
thing or just just like the internet got
it but like it's a wigs for men but like
it's gone viral online a few times over
the last few months
oh it's like shaving a guy said and then
gluing on oh I have seen a wigs you know
sweaty that must be whoa I see so is it
new though or is this sort of just being
redone I don't know and I read a comment
because I saw this is gonna stay see
that the thing they're saying that duh
you replace it every six weeks or
something like what happens at week five
tries to grab it your hair looks like
it's that good Wow
no it's like next-level that's amazing
damn but see me next week before would
it say before what was that before well
show it where it said before because
before
where's before that's after before would
before that buddy there you go
so there's his hair keep it rolling and
it says before oh so you had some hair
oh there's ones that the person is
completely bald and it looks like that
after they're done I've seen the ones
with black dudes I've seen black dudes
get that and it's real weird like they
Oh
yeah yeah looking like that it's a
straight-up wig yeah oh my god how's it
look
so they shaved his head let that go let
that place stop moving shit around
there's like a highlight video shows
lots of guys getting this done so you
can see lots of versions I want to see
that part we were just looking at go
back to that part we were just looking
at where they're working on the glue
does that happen that guy has one too
yeah that's so good oh my god it's so
weird
and then well the stem-cell treatments
that they have for hair loss are very
interesting that oh shit is actually
working where they're actually growing
hair back through stem but you have to
have the hair to grow back believe
that's that that's the misconception a
lot of people have about it if you don't
if you've lost the hair it's all gone if
it's all gone it doesn't come back if
you have a little didn't can yeah that's
a girl's not gonna like that
so like guy's a fake shit I dated a girl
when I first moved to LA she has shaved
head
she wore wigs all time I didn't give a
fuck but imagine if I just started
wearing wigs everywhere my wife feel
like what are you doing my guess my new
look things like this that I've noticed
have popped back up and gotten famous
again like they've already been around
the 80s and 90s but like because people
weren't online or it just didn't go
viral in that way
it's snuck back in and people like oh
look at this brand-new thing and it's
like it's not new at all I didn't even
know women had fake hair - I moved to LA
oh we just do weaves I didn't I knew
nothing about it so first time I looked
at what a girl out here when I first
moved here I went out like you know she
was in bed and I went out to the living
room and I I thought it was an animal it
was her hair like I didn't know that
they did that and then I started working
for eat they had a wall full of hair for
all the girls a wall full of hair so
they would like for different girls they
would they had color that matched their
hair yeah
each girl had their own like row a hair
and when you'd like when you're from
Texas what you like in Texas I never saw
that and I was just shocked that it went
to that
the great I didn't even know that happen
well I think girls are doing that in
Texas too they just didn't tell you well
that's a common thing that we've no I I
don't think it's what at that time I
don't think no because I think it's more
of a TV thing mmm what's definitely more
of a TV because they're like oh we need
your hair longer you're shorter thicker
in Texas they wouldn't do that yeah
maybe nah that was weird
I wonder what's happening to people the
people are losing hair like we're
evolving right if you go if you look at
all the other primates none of the other
primates as they get older lose their
hair but we have less hair than all the
primers Yeah right so our whole bodies
are losing hair and where the weird
thing is like we definitely came from
them if you pay attention like we play
this guy put this guy on the images on
the podcast before what his name
ruslan shiev he's this Russian wrestler
who is a gorilla he's a gorilla man and
he's a fucking savage he just throws
people around like ragdolls but you
looking at me like oh well clearly this
guy is in a different stage of evolution
than some of us you know he's like he's
more more savage but as people evolve
further and further I think we're gonna
look like aliens I think we're gonna
lose all our hair and I think we're
gonna grow big ass heads because you
don't need the hair you know you need
the hair that Elon Musk neural link is
gonna change the way our brains function
we're gonna do everything with our
brains we're gonna be communicating
through those things the the 50 or 60
enough that you know just like the
iPhone one versus the samsung galaxy s
twenty one hundred and eight megapixel
camera if you came out with that camera
and that phone 10 years ago they accuse
you of witchcraft yeah who the fuck are
you what is this how'd you do this in
you know a thousand years we're probably
all gonna look like that you know what I
know you're big on aliens I just don't
believe it
I mean we talked about this last time
believe it at all I believe this other
citations life forms just don't believe
they've been here I don't think they're
coming here
no I there's no reason to come here we
are offering nothing what are you
talking about what are we offering Joe
well if you're that far people travel to
go study small mammals in the Congo do
you know that yes they spend giant
chunks of their life to go
look at butterflies we found a new frog
in South America and the nationally grad
Geographic Society will give them money
we've gonna document this frog people
are curious and anything that's going to
be intelligent and innovative anything
that's going to invent technology the
only reason why you invent technology is
because you are curious and if you are
curious you're not going to stop being
curious you're going to continue to be
curious and if you have a fucking whole
planet filled with predatory Apes that
have thermonuclear weapons and they want
to control various patches of land that
they've designated on maps with lines
and they put stupid fucking fences up
and they nuke each other and they
fucking fly planes and drop bombs out
and they have other planes that they
fucking operate remotely with these
little joysticks and drop bombs on
people we killed terrorists and some of
the people that run the country are
terrorists and and then you have for the
stock market like what the fuck are
these people doing the stock market's
what is that a bunch of numbers that are
bouncing around they're trying to
speculate what's going to go this and
it's based on confidence oh my god these
people are crazy and then they have the
ability to some video through the air
and it reaches their phone on the other
side of the world instantaneously like
whoa this is really heavy stuff these
fucking crazy monkeys down on planet
Earth are weird we should study them of
course they would study us there we're
sending rockets into space we're
invading other other planets in our
solar system to try to colonize if
they're coming here
yeah that's basic to them all that stuff
you just mentioned is oh shit bases who
is it - so you know to get here they
have to have technology we haven't even
know they don't know they have to have
technology that's slightly more advanced
than us we will be able to
unquestionably travel to other planets
within a hundred years or 200 years
let's say three let's say 300 okay so
it's comparing us to people that live in
1720 right that's not that long okay so
it's like we went back in time to visit
people in the 1700s we would be
fascinated and we would be very
interested if we found a planet
somewhere 300 years from now that had
people on that planet that lived like
people lived here in the 1700s we would
be blown away I just think it's the most
unique and interesting thing we've ever
found ever in life
I just don't know with
everyone having a cellphone can take
footage why don't they have like real
why don't multiple people have the same
footage of the same thing like it had
they do there are some sightings
particularly the Phoenix lights that
happened in the 90s that many many
people captured we don't know exactly
what they are they don't know what it
but this a lot of people captured these
lights that are in the sky now my take
on the Phoenix lights and a lot of these
things is usually that there's some sort
of a military aircraft are working on
mm-hmm
but here's the thing they don't have to
visit all the time if they only visited
once or twice these unique experiences
that have happened once or twice over
the course of human history or three
times or ten times or a hundred times
what are the odds that anyone's going to
capture it especially if they're smart
about it especially they're smart about
how they come especially if they have
some sort of cloaking apparatus or they
have some ability to understand whether
or not they're being viewed or observed
and know knowing how to hide or how to
camouflage the ships but of course they
would be interested in I know that's the
least plausible scenario that they
wouldn't be interested in us the the
thing that kind of the thing that was
interested in me when you interviewed
snow his he's been through everything
and he found no it's noted he found no
evidence but he hasn't been through
everything first of all he's only one
man and he was only working there for a
short amount of time okay it's not what
he had access to last but it's not like
he's working there for hundreds of years
and deeply diving into the subject of
UFOs and has access to and not only that
like what does he have access to is
access to the NSA files and like
everything's compartmentalized you know
that's one of the big problems that the
military said the NASA does not have
access to what the Navy has access to
which doesn't have access to what the
Army has access to like they don't
always cooperate and just so for him to
say that he didn't find anything about
UFOs that makes sense like he probably
even looked a little bit and didn't find
thing about UFOs that doesn't mean
there's nothing about UFOs it just means
that he didn't find anything okay okay
there's a lot of information out there
when you think about one person that's
gonna scour all the government records
understand the 1950s to present about
what they've discovered and what they
haven't so you so area 51 what do you
think that's in there do you think
they're now
you think okay I think at one point in
time is what well it is for sure one
point time what they use to work on
secret military projects
what aircrafts and that's where the
Blackbird came out of that's where the
stealth bomber came out of there was a
lot of that stuff that a lot of people
mistook for UFOs I think the real
question lies in the very small
percentage of unexplained sightings so
if you look at UFO sightings you take
the pie of UFO sightings I would say
there's a not me they say what they're
talking about that's been solved is
someone in the neighborhood have 95% of
those 95 percent can be explained by
swamp gas ball lightning ball lightning
is a phenomenon that comes when
depending upon tectonic pressure the
earth can release this lightning that of
the ground that travels in a ball shaped
pattern and zigs through the sky and
then vanishes and disappears
they don't totally understand how it's
being created but they do know it
requires some pressure in the earth
something about tectonic plates and
possibly different atmospheric
conditions but it's a real observable
phenomena that's actually occurred on
planes before like it's flown down the
done the passageway of a jet at one
point in time yeah and people multiple
people observe this ball lightning and
they thought they were being aborted by
a fucking UFO or something
it's a weird even I've seen it no it's
very weird phenomena you see get get a
video on we should probably wrap this up
tune it's three hours and 30 minutes
[Laughter]
get that get get a video on ball
lightning because they have observed
this in film this it's really
fascinating that's that's responsible
for a lot of UFO signs but you said
there's that five percent that actually
be out of that five percent four percent
they just haven't figured out how to
explain like let me see this see like
that is ball lightning okay hovering in
the sky and sometimes they'll fly around
sometimes not only do they hover in
place but they move around so lightning
crackles and then this thing will hover
in the sky and then sometimes they
actually come out of the ground you know
this is bad comparison probably but it's
almost like an ash you know when you
this is a bad video see if there's some
you know I understand but the problem is
there's all this other people talking in
it there's different videos with ball
lightning that I've watched it's pretty
interesting shit man ball lightning is
weird because it's uh it's see like
there it's okay it flies around and it
looks like a fucking UFO see and then
disappears so okay that's a weird one
that's a weird one that kind of looks
like it would be an alien spacecraft and
then they get videos of it and you know
it looks like a ball flying through the
sky oh my god but it's just a very rare
atmospheric occurrence huh oh yeah yeah
but I think if I was an alien species
500 years more advanced than we are I
would be fucking fascinated by earth and
that was that's all you need 500 years
from now with the exponential growth of
technology like we're experiencing on
earth 500 years from now if we don't
blow ourselves up or if they're
different than us
like maybe they evolved different and
they don't have the same battle for
resources so they didn't develop the
kind of territorial behavior that us
apes have if they develop something more
complex and a different sort of
cooperative evolutionary mechanism they
could be very different than us but
still way more advanced but interested
in us okay all right will you ever see
one in your lifetime always said I
always if if I ever do smoke weed I'm
gonna smoke weed my first time with Joe
roughly how do you not want to smoke
weed huh are you curious oh of course
what are you scared of nothing so why
don't you do it well I said if I ever
smoked weed I'll smoke it for the first
time we're just not on air I'm not Elon
Musk or anything well I'm not scared of
it at all well I just interested not
curious I mean it the curiosity does not
like knock on the door every day and go
oh my god I guess we should just set a
date aside three years from now think
about it for three years no I've already
decided I'm gonna do it okay when huh
next week
you camera off the camera no we know do
you got a driver yeah I got a drive home
I wanna do the other day another day a
hundred percent okay
hundred percent maybe we'll do it and
we'll meet aliens aliens visit you
tonight no they're not leave now you
know what I'm here I can guarantee you
nobody's coming today that's they're
gonna get him now like this motherfucker
needs a lesson from space you see this
Oh
last question who's gonna win Bernie
Sanders the truck you know Wow everybody
thought that Donald Trump's fucked and
that Hillary Clinton was gonna beat him
and that no one was concerned yeah all
these people like he doesn't have a
chance Hillary's gonna be the winner and
Hillary's gonna be the winner that same
shit could be going on with Bernie
Sanders and Trump and people got to be
real careful about that these people
that think that Bernie Sanders can't win
I don't think you understand what's
going on in this country people are fed
up with the system they're fed up with
this idea that they work so hard and
they they give their money up to
politicians and the politicians don't
really work for the people they don't
they don't can I tell you the most
annoying thing a politician says well
you know I speak for the American people
I'm like no you don't know no not a
chance
there's not a single human that could
speak for all the amid look out for the
interests of the American people and I
think Bernie Sanders definitely does do
that I think he's looking out for the
interests of the working people and I
think he wants people to have a better
life and do better and I'm all for that
and if that means I have to pay more in
telling people think oh you're a
socialist I've heard people say that oh
you're fucking socialist bro like first
of all he's not even a socialist he's a
Democratic Socialist it's a different
thing he's not necessary and we should
all give up our money to the institution
and then the institutions to decide how
it gets divided and you shouldn't be
able to make more than X amount of
dollars that's not what he's saying he's
saying is it should work for the people
and what he's saying is people should
have health care what he's saying is
there's a there's a lot of things that
are already socialist ideals that we use
we just forgot about it like the fire
department yep
the fire department you don't have a
at fire department that puts out your
fire we pay for the fire department it
comes out of our taxes pays those those
very brave men and women and then they
come and they put out your fire that's a
socialist idea public schools are a
socialist idea
police are socialist idea fixing of the
roads there's a lot of things that your
money goes to the idea that you we can't
extend that and to have a better life
because of it and to have free health
care and free college education and to
eliminate student debt I don't know that
that's incorrect I don't know that he's
wrong yeah I just think it's a thing
where our government to me and I'm no
expert but it seems like they throw so
much money away why not if you're gonna
throw it away do something good with it
you know and it seems like we had to
throwing it away that exact that would
be actually doing something good with
yeah he's got crazy ideas and if they're
right it's revolutionary mm-hm and
that's what he thinks he thinks he can
enact revolutionary change - free
healthcare revolutionary win pretty much
the whole yeah because it's gonna take
out the drug companies and there's a lot
of money a lot of money a lot of money
that's a big problem yes that's one of
our biggest problems is the amount of
influence that not just the drug
companies have but a lot of industry has
on the way politicians decide how to
spend your money yes and that's what he
says but it's that's that's one of the
things he's saying that makes people
scared and that's why the the Democrats
are scared of him too because they're
all getting paid as well yeah it's not
like this is a Republican thing only no
listen this is a fucking this is an
established institution thing but it
also proves that like with Michael
Bloomberg spending all this money that
when he goes to Super Tuesday he's gonna
get 13% of their guesstimating about 13%
it's just and he's gonna pass up a lot
of people that have been campaigning it
shows you how much money you know even
can play in in our politics by being on
every five minutes yeah you know he's
not gonna win blowing on no he's not
gonna win it's gonna be a tax write-off
for him Jamie will be telling me about
people getting paid to say things for
him more than just like spending lots of
money on like the people posted online
like the memes and by making all sorts
of accounts like
went after all of the not on a top but
like Instagram accounts like the
influenced me me accounts really and
there's some money strategy yeah give
him some money like hey what will you do
to post this and they are not posting
the conversation instead of what they're
asking a post which that was the
strategy it's like these weird
strategies they have think-tank spending
millions of dollars to get that done
thinking it's going to you know you know
what I do like about Bernie Sanders he's
the exact and now don't take this wrong
the exact same energy and vibe that
Trump has on it
loud says it like it is to him whatever
his thoughts are so really if they go
against each other it's almost the same
person I'm not talking policies at all
I'm just saying this characteristics you
know where Bernie's not gonna back down
from Trump and Trump's not gonna back
down against Bernie and all these people
going well I don't know if Bernie's
electable it's like there are no rules
anymore can we just say him not being
electable yes we did ones three
primaries in a row that's what I'm
saying yeah it's just it's just for day
I'm just I'm just waiting to see how it
plays out I'm the one where it's like
you know let's just see I want to see
who the Democratic person is and and
then we all gotta roll with them if
you're on that side its Bernie yeah I
think it's gonna be Bernie unless he has
a heart attack at the CIA gets them with
that fucking election well you know you
know what it is it's not about Bernie
it's if he becomes president who's the
vice president because Barney's old no
no and I'm not wishing anything yell but
that vice president pick is it very
important especially after the heart
thing yeah it's very important and a lot
of people are saying he should get
Elizabeth Warren because you because his
age is more dangerous than she is useful
okay like I don't know well don't trust
her after that whole Pocahontas shit all
the Indian stuff where she said she was
Native American and turns out she's like
1/100 of a percent or whatever the fuck
it is but is that be small in today's
instance oh she was a Republican for
most of her career yeah and she turned
over and became a Democrat man maybe
maybe she would get the women on their
side I think but she's also an
established Democrat you know that that
takes money I think be more likely that
he would get someone that we haven't
heard of
okay well it's very important we realize
president because I'm just saying
remember Mike Pence like I already knew
the fuck Mike Pence was before Donald
Trump made him our vice president you go
on the street and ask people who the
Vice President is 99% of them won't know
Mike Pence's yeah all right I think the
real battle is Bernie and Trump that's a
real bad no no no I got you and I don't
think the vice president's gonna move
the election but I'm saying because well
because he's all had the heart problem
yeah you know the vice president is more
important than like an Obama vice
president I think that's also Gabbard
makes the most sense because she's also
like him she doesn't accept money it's
the same same sort of renegade
philosophy you know slightly different
politics but you know there's a I think
he has a lot of options he's probably
looking at him right now especially if
he keeps winning it's like that Joe
Rogan let's bring him up no chance no
well when you do note it after he wins
when you go to White House is just just
bring your boy right here because I want
to go to White House with you the last
brouhaha after he put that video up and
everybody got upset oh he'll have you I
think what's gonna happen is we're gonna
see that regular politics the way
they've been practiced for all these
years in this country with like these
two bullshit choices are gonna go away
and I think it's gonna be harder and
harder for established people whether
it's Republican or Democrat to to keep
doing that song and dance and having
people buy it and that's a good thing
that's a good thing that's a good thing
let's wrap it up my REO Michael yeah
ladies and gentlemen on Instagram
don't pay attention to his Gotham
because it's not six in the seventh it's
actually yes where else you gonna be
where people where people go out calm
Michael yo calm has all my tour dates
but you know Instagram Instagram at
Michael yo Twitter at Michael yo
Facebook at Michael you up but Gotham is
the main thing come on out come on out
all right my brother yeah pleasure bye
everybody
No
[Music]
[Applause]